 Sepsis happens when the bacterium enters the blood and make it form tiny clots.
Incubation period is only one to two days.
Scuba diving is a common tourist activity.
"Gradual changes lead to turning points, where one force overcomes the other."
Many streets bear the names of epic heroes.
Bicycle riding around the Mekong delta is very easy in dry weather.
Most people drink from large  bottles of water - .
People catch and consume the snakes.
Many small docks operate around the city.
Wealthy people live a fantastic life in the city.
"Visceral senses have to do with sensory information from within the body, such as stomach aches."
Many visitors go to Assisi on pilgrimage.
Many people also go there to see the artworks.
Naval clashes occur between North Korea and South Korea.
"Human ears are good at hearing low pitches, but bad at hearing high pitches."
"Confederates break naval blockade of Vicksburg, Mississippi."
Some modern painters use tempera.
"Some artists like to mix some of the egg white as well, for a different effect."
Every decision making process produces a final choice.
Studio executive is an employee of a film studio.
Most people agree.
Oil paint takes a long time to dry.
Some artists like to paint on board rather than canvas.
Palestinian terrorists blow up three hijacked airliners in Jordan.
Japan defeats China in the Battle of Pyongyang.
Leaves are wavy at the edges.
Allied troops parachute into the Netherlands.
"Many criminal operations take part in corruption, black marketeering, terrorism and abduction."
Debt bondage is common among the trafficking victims.
Corruption is a significant problem.
Corruption is widespread in India.
"Scams involving export of jewels occur in India, which target foreign citizens."
Location has a significant impact on crime in India.
"Terrorist bombings occur in Delhi, India."
Results are available here.
Fishing is important along the Caribbean coast.
New Jersey becomes the first U.S. state to ratify the Bill of Rights.
Elephants replace their teeth  six times.
"Articles range greatly in quality, from very good articles to candidates for quick deletion."
"Biology looks at how animals and other organisms behave and work, and what they are like."
Biology also studies how organisms react with each other and the environment.
American troops withdraw from Iraq.
American patriots dump crates of tea into Boston Harbor at protest against the tea act.
All parameters are optional.
"British soldiers burn Buffalo, New York."
Biologists say over half of all plant and animal species live in the rainforest.
Tropical rainforests occur in three major geographical areas around the world.
Most scientists think of the rainforest in five layers.
Snakes live in the trees and on the forest floor.
Monkeys are a very common animal in the rainforest.
Different monkeys eat different things.
Governments build other roads for trade and to allow settlers into the forest.
Poor people come into the forest by the thousands on the roads and take land to raise food.
Carbon absorbs heat from the sun.
Creation myths are usually part of religions and mythologies.
Defenses are camouflage and fangs.
Alkanes are the simplest group of hydrocarbons.
Nanotechnology tries to make materials or machines of that size.
New materials are possible with nano size structures.
Universal historians use a thematic approach.
Butane is dangerous.
Hackers can also use keystroke logging.
"Many buildings survive to the present day, and the street grid."
Larch wood is very valuable because it is resistant and it grows quickly.
Caffeine is the main drug that is in coffee.
Coffee comes from a tree.
Caffeine comes from other plants as well.
Caffeine is a 'stimulant' drug.
Caffeine also is a diuretic.
People drink coffee and other drinks with caffeine to stay awake.
Doctors sometimes use caffeine as a medicine.
Caffeine also has medicinal properties.
Caffeine is a problem for spiders.
Caffeine can also hurt people if they drink a lot at once.
Caffeine is in many drinks and foods.
Sports are a big part of the cultural life in Chicago.
Many trains use Chicago as a place to change loads and to change directions.
Functions associate keys with values.
"Scouts spend their time outdoors, whenever possible."
"Scouts help each other, regardless of the differences in status or social class."
"Some bolas have balls of equal weight,others vary the knot and cord."
Climbers have to carry oxygen bottles to be able to reach the top.
Neolithic tools are often polished and far more varied.
"Most races have three laps, while some games have more or less."
Green shells go straight and bounce off walls whereas red shells home in on other racers.
"Cyclamen come from the Mediterranean, from Spain to Iran."
Many articles contain frank discussion of controversial topics.
Doctors consider suicide attempts to be a symptom of a serious depression.
Albanian population is mostly Muslim.
Some scientists think that poltergeists only exist in a person's head as a result of psychokinesis.
Some cotton plants grow wild in tropical and subtropical areas of the world.
"Small bratwursts originate in Nuremberg, Germany."
Terrain affects surface water flow and distribution.
Different countries have different definitions of violent crime.
"International health means two different, but related, things."
Different singers representing countries in Europe compete every year.
Municipal districts are similar to municipalities but they depend on a municipality.
Psychology is the science of how people think and feel.
Scrooge is the richest duck in the world.
Scrooge learns about an ancient treasure or civilization.
Oceans are very big and they join smaller seas together.
"Many people look at the sea as a source of food, minerals and energy."
Fishing industries are very important because they make jobs and give food to millions of people.
Gravestones are also kinds of stelae.
Censorship is bad and against policy.
Fair use is a term for using any image with a good reason.
Medications sometimes work fast.
Large organisations use petabytes of storage to hold massive amounts of data.
"Obsidian has little water,  , but takes it in if it sits in groundwater."
Brazil is the only country in Latin America that speaks Portuguese.
Brazil is the largest country in South America and the largest economy in Latin America.
Brazil also has the biggest number of Japanese descendents outside Japan.
"Many religions have a Savior, though the way they use the idea varies."
Females normally give birth to calves every other year.
People have many different reasons for going commando.
Some people do it to feel comfortable.
Dragons are very popular in China.
Most tornadoes begin as funnel clouds.
Finials are the decorative top of the pinnacles or towers.
New Guinea is perhaps the most linguistically diverse region in the world.
Color values are approximate.
People follow special rules when they eat meals in Korea.
"Cattle are also important in the province, mainly in the northwestern part of it."
Many important institutions are in Oslo.
Low oxygen increases the problem.
Thalassemia increases red cell flexibility.
Straw has tinnitus.
Many people make a special visit to a sacred site.
Feminism is the political and social movements that promote women's equality and rights.
Maine is mostly safe from hurricanes and tropical storms.
"Tornadoes are rare in Maine, about two per year, mostly happening in the southern part of the state."
E is the second most common letter.
Users can also create their own networks that are within the kaioo-network.
Most local inhabitants live in the hilly interior of the island.
Some countries have laws to try to stop money laundering.
Convergent evolution leads to analogous features.
People learn how to say words and sentences so that they sound the same as when others speak.
Adults weigh between  and .
"Adults have summer coats that are bright red with a dark dorsal stripe, and dark gray winter coats."
Marsupials give birth to living babies.
Marsupials have a special pouch where they carry their babies.
Sight is faster than reading.
"Bacteria turn to endospore when they undergo stress, such as increase in heat or lack of nutrient."
Endospores are highly dangerous bio-terrorist weapons.
Endospores are hard to eradicate.
Some people say the government is having problems coping with the situation.
Many people also eat chicken and mutton.
Many people play it and many others watch it.
Barium chloride is toxic.
"Players can only save while playing a level, and there are three save files."
Red blocks block the player while white blocks make it easier to go through the level.
"Some people do it just for pleasure, while others collect coins for the history of the coins."
Coin collecting is a very old hobby.
Statues are popular ways of a 'memorial'.
Cocktails are mixed drinks.
"Some artifacts are stone tools, pottery wheels, jewelry, and clothing."
Gods create world.
Scrooge comes to America.
Representatives serve two-year terms.
Senators serve six-year terms.
Summers are warm and humid.
Fog is frequent.
Complex carbohydrates are more nutritious than simple carbohydrates.
Most people eat three meals a day.
Some orchids have very special ways of pollination.
Pollination happens as the insect attempts to mate with flowers.
Piper believes in justification by faith alone apart from good works.
People use a web browser to communicate with others.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
All men are mortal.
Induction is the method of science.
Science has many branches.
Chemistry is the science of 'chemical elements' and 'compounds'.
Analytical chemistry looks at which chemicals are in things.
Biochemistry is also part of organic chemistry.
Sodium chloride is a salt.
Chemistry is very useful in everyday life and makes up the foundation of many branches of science.
"Many chemicals are harmless, but there are some chemicals that are dangerous."
Cinnabar exists in two crystal forms.
Females are usually smaller than males.
"Bearded dragons come in many colours, like brown, grey, reddish-brown, and even orange."
Batteries make remote controls and controllers work.
Favourite brother is to drown tragically at an early age.
Seahorses rely on camouflage to avoid detection.
Seahorses are the only fish that experience true male pregnancy.
"Bacteria vary widely in size and shape, but in general are at least ten times larger than viruses."
Induction cooker uses induction heating for cooking.
Many restaurants are also chains.
"Poker is a gambling game which involves some luck, but also some skill."
Propaganda is another name for speech in favour or against some point of view.
Forests are very important for the world today.
Many universities offer courses after higher education in zoology and botany.
"College football is still popular today among students, alumni, and other fans of the sport."
"Coral growing on a volcano likes to be near the surface, and it keeps growing to stay there."
Most atolls are in the warm parts of the Pacific Ocean or the Indian Ocean.
Gargoyles spout water from the roof.
Football is the most popular sport in Uruguay.
Wings are sooty black with a touch of scarlet at the shoulders.
Blocks are different to bans.
Bureaucrats can also help users who want to change their username.
"Algorithms are steps of instructions describing how to complete a task, such as solving a problem."
Computer science looks at the theoretical parts of computers.
Cassowaries have three toes on each foot.
Motor cars are a big danger to the birds.
"Bullfrogs are native to most of North America, Canada and Mexico."
"Bullfrogs live in large bodies of water such as swamps, lakes, and ponds."
Bullfrogs are the cause of the chytrid fungus spreading into Arizona.
Females are larger than males.
Bullfrogs are either brown or green.
Males also have bigger tympanic membranes which cover their ears.
Bullfrogs are good at hearing.
Bullfrogs are semi-aquatic frogs.
"Bullfrogs live in most parts of Canada, Mexico and the United States."
Bullfrogs are more active at night.
Bullfrogs have teeth on the top of their mouths.
Bullfrogs are active at night.
Bullfrogs are responsible for the decline of garter snakes in Mexico.
Bullfrogs are a source of food for Southern United States and the Midwestern United States.
Cowboys also race with chuckwagons at the Stampede.
Scientists use lasers to slow atoms when cooling objects to very low temperatures.
Cylindric sections are the intersections of cylinders with planes.
Many Filipino people live there.
Municipal districts are similar to municipalities but they depend on a municipality.
"Tourism is a very important activity on the Atlantic coast, with many hotels in the region."
Rain is an example of when drops fall.
"Drops are also like bubbles, except they hold liquid instead of a gas, like air."
Death is number thirteen in the tarot deck.
Females tend to be larger than males.
Brine shrimp take in food though their mouth.
Many proxies are even more forthcoming with information.
Most orchestras have a tuba now.
"Scientists think that there is liquid water under the ground on some moons, for example Europa."
Some blades make very smooth cuts.
Idaho potatoes are famous around the country.
Humidity is normally low with cooler evenings in summer months.
Younger players enhance their skills faster.
Every team has a stadium to host their home games.
All species become extinct sooner or later.
Robots do most of the work.
Mules are hybrids.
Some cars are hybrids.
"Many elements have multiple isotopes which are stable for weeks, years, or even billions of years."
"Surface area is the sum of the faces, or surfaces, of a three dimensional shape."
Modern computers are very different from early computers.
Computers are useful for many different jobs where automatic functions are useful.
Modern computers are electronic machines.
Software uses the hardware by taking input and changing it in to useful output.
Many modern computers do billions of calculations each second.
Humans have a problem with math.
Communication is how people share information.
All computers have some form of memory.
Sexual abuse does emotional harm to children.
Optics is both a science and an area of engineering.
Goaltenders wear a different type of glove on each hand.
Leaves turn brown and fall off deciduous trees in the Autumn.
Signs are very useful.
Rating is voluntary.
Minerals are things that make rocks.
Mineralogists also record what color minerals turn in a special light.
"Mature caterpillars chew large, ragged holes in the leaves leaving the large veins intact."
Prepared horseradish is white to creamy-beige in colour.
Some grocery stores are  small community stores with a limited range of items.
Oil is one of Ecuador's natural resources.
Snow never falls in Orlando.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
"Baleen whales have baleen plates for filtering food from water, instead of having teeth."
"Baleen whales strain plankton out of the water, whereas the toothed whales eat larger prey."
"Baleen whales are generally larger than toothed whales, and females are larger than males."
"Hedgehogs are nocturnal, but gymnures are less so."
Murals are usually big.
"Termites mostly feed on detritus, mostly wood, leaf litter, soil, or animal dung."
Termites are major detrivores in the subtropical and tropical regions.
Mantids are notable for their hunting abilities.
"Most mantids are ambush predators, waiting for prey to stray too near."
Some people use the word 'comedienne' to refer to female comedians.
Most earwigs are omnivores they also eat some insect larvae.
All earwigs are insects.
"All earwigs have three body parts, head, thorax, and abdomen."
Earwigs are about the same size as a peanut.
"Earwigs are dark brown, red, or black."
Earwigs use their antennae for smelling and feeling.
All earwigs are a little flat.
Some earwigs have stripes on the thorax and abdomen.
All earwigs have six hooked legs.
"Earwigs live all over the world, except Antarctica."
All earwigs eat plants.
Earwigs eat pollen out from flowers.
Aphids cause more plant damage than any other insects .
Aphids are most common in temperate zones.
Different religions teach different things about the afterlife.
Presocial behavior is much more common in the animal kingdom than complete eusociality.
Ears are small and hairy.
Feet are also somewhat hairy.
Witnesses have to swear to tell the truth during the trial.
Actors often wear wigs to disguise their appearance or get into character.
Ontology establishes categories.
All episodes are available online as streaming video.
Jadgal people are mostly Muslim.
Droughts are a long time with no rain.
Artists sometimes use jointed wooden mannequins in drawing the human body.
Many bobcats have long tufts of hair at the tip of the ears that improve the cat's hearing.
"Bobcats stalk their prey, and then pounce onto it."
All parameters are optional.
Team captains talk to each other before a water polo game.
Scout movements are independent of governments.
People use reason to try to be certain about what is true or best.
Most packages are the same on both distributions and the two systems behave almost identically.
Most differences are on the desktop.
Humans make mistakes.
"Creoles seem very similar to each other, even if they come from different languages."
Most uniforms have different logos and colours to tell which team is which.
Some people love it.
Physical attractiveness means different things to different people and to different human cultures.
Christians are the largest minority group in Pakistan.
Winters are cold and summers are very hot.
Rainfall is moderate.
"Hardcover books are also more expensive to make, and more expensive to buy."
Sedatives give the same effect.
Polyester is a type of polymer that contain the ester functional group in the main chain.
"Sportswear includes shorts, tracksuits, T-shirts, polo shirts and trainers."
Some athletes wear personal armour such as helmets or American football body armour.
"Many people visit Las Vegas, which has many casinos and resorts."
All parameters are optional.
People buy paper magnetic stripe cards inside the station.
Oats are like rye.
Oats have many uses in food.
Oatmeal stout is one of many beers using some oats.
Tourism is an important industry.
Some bisexual people love men and women the same and some love one more than the other.
Cricket is very popular on the island.
Plants spend a lot of energy and nutrients in creating fruit.
Virtual memory makes it possible to use more memory than is physically in the computer.
New Jersey becomes a colony of Britain.
Bosons are fundamental particles like the photon.
"Examples are grain, vegetables, or fruit."
"Conjunctions join two equal parts, as in two words, or two phrases, or two clauses."
Strikes generally take the form of a picket line.
Flight is a method of moving through the air.
"Birds have a streamlined body shape, so that they slip through air more easily."
Rats live on no evil star.
Environmentalists often talk about threats to the earth from pollution and overpopulation.
Environmentalism is both personal and political.
All articles fall under the site-wide 'Content disclaimer'.
Accounts have  a number of preference settings.
Evolution is a concept from biology that tries to explain how different life-forms change over time.
Evolution tries to explain how species change over time.
Protozoan parasites are also ubiquitous.
Transcription is the first step that leads to the expression of the genes.
"Carbon nanotubes are very tough and hard to break, but still relatively light."
Riots break out.
Alleles differ by origin if they come from the same locus on different chromosomes.
Males have a tendency to have longer caudual fins.
"Paperweights come in several types, and they are collectible works of art."
"Stubs are useful, but try to include some length and quality into the article."
Images are a means of illustrating a concept.
"Time trials are often a part of a stage race, for example the Tour de France."
Females are a tan colour with a white underbelly and a pattern of black and white on the legs.
Males are a lighter tan colour with the same white underbelly and pattern on the legs.
Markhor often stand on their back legs to reach the top leaves of trees.
Males usually live alone.
Betas come from Southeast Asia.
Signs are very useful.
Plants use carbon dioxide to make food.
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas.
"Greenhouse gases change the climate and weather on our planet, Earth."
Chemists get carbon dioxide from cooling air.
"Verbs have a lot of forms, too."
Fungi have cells with nuclei.
Fungi reproduce both sexually and asexually.
"Hyphae look like threads, or rootlets."
Hyphae are usually syncytia.
Details differ between species.
"Forensic psychology is the study of the mind of an individual, using forensic methods."
Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative.
Hard work is simply the refuge of people who have nothing whatever to do.
Life imitates art far more than art imitates Life.
Life is far too important a thing ever to talk seriously about it.
Experience is the name everyone gives to their mistakes.
Children love their parents.
Players use roundish tambourines during actions and they serve with oval tambourines.
Liberation means freedom and right to rule themselves.
Men are more susceptible to heart disease than women.
Species only change little from one generation to the next.
"Big changes do occur, from time to time, but they are very rare."
Information is scarce on minority adherents.
Many languages use tildes.
Players take turns rolling a ball down the lane to see who gets the highest score.
Hopper has two brothers and a cousin.
Some buildings have cellars which lead into each other.
Many areas remain inaccessible to the public due to building work.
Many mouldings look almost like sculptures.
Loralai town is the district headquarters.
Sexes are similar.
Water is usually fluid and transparent.
Logic is the science that looks at how to build an argument.
"Required parameters are 'date', 'summary' and 'site'."
Paternosters have advantages and disadvantages.
Paternosters are nearly impossible to use for disabled people.
Tigons are also mixed animals with one lion parent and one tiger parent.
Tigons have tiger fathers and lion mothers.
Higher education is either professional or academic.
"Students also learn to mix with people of different origins, and to grow as people."
"Tiger sharks feed mainly on bony fish, rays, squid, crustaceans, seals, and dolphins."
Sandboxes are often square with wooden sides.
Sandpits are also very popular for making sandcastles.
Scientists believe that it has something to do with the whale's echolocation system.
Contributions is much more valuable than time.
All attributes are optional.
Taunts are also a genre of Folklore.
Some people attend school longer than others.
Fire is both hot and dry.
Air is both hot and wet.
Water is both cold and wet.
Earth is both cold and dry.
Carbohydrates are the most common source of energy for the human body.
Protein builds tissue and cells in the body.
"Some foods have high levels of carbohydrates including breads, pastas, potato, and cereals."
Spa is famious as a location of healing hot springs.
"Major crops are wheat, cotton and sugar cane."
Pakpattan city is an old city.
Network cards enable a computer to exchange data with the network.
Libraries have many bookcases holding books on many different topics.
Spice is a mostly a rare raw material.
"Spice provides a good performance in ship drives, in research and also in alloys."
Spice even plays a vital role in food production.
Every upgrade uses another field.
China is home to some of the oldest artwork in the world.
"China is now one of the largest economies in the world, relying mainly on exports."
Spring Festival is the Chinese New Year.
People go out and watch the lantern festivals everywhere.
Occultism is the study of occult.
Objects are an abstraction.
Banks usually impose a 'credit limit'.
People think in terms of classes and objects.
Tourism is also an important industry in West Flanders.
People learn by themselves since it's so small.
People use it for transportation and to make hydroelectric power from the rivers' flow of water.
Many legends exist about places in Cambridge.
Many departments have their own library as well.
All colleges have a library.
Some colleges also have very precious books and manuscripts.
All new students become members when they arrive in Cambridge.
"Road conditions are spectacular at best, treacherous at worst."
"Road conditions are spectacular at best, treacherous at worst."
Studios then recoup some of their losses through video sales and rentals.
Adjectives are declinable in similar way.
Bureaucrats are members of the community as well.
"Folds receive high marks for playfulness, affection, and grooming."
Homer only talks about one Gorgon.
Car accidents are a major cause of death in places where there are many cars.
Some weapons are better against others.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
"Doves have a smaller body, and they have longer tails."
"Doves feed on seeds, fruit and plants."
Fire begins to return.
"Cerium is a grey, shiny or lustrous metal."
Winters are extremely cold while summers are very pleasant.
Many people do sit on the anti-vandalism channel though.
"Dysprosium is a rare earth element that has a metallic, bright silver luster."
Asteroid moons are quite rare.
Some Bibles contain other books as well.
Dice snakes are better in water and they have a more slender body.
Many ice creams contain fruits.
Some ice creams are a mixture of two or more ice creams.
Blacksmiths make iron and steel tools.
Hot iron becomes cold very soon.
Many blacksmiths wear plastic safety glasses to keep their eyes safe.
"Factories now make tools faster, and for less money than blacksmiths."
Someone needs to have a good talk with that anon.
Camellias have a slow growth rate.
People write exponentiation with upper index.
Primary education is free in government schools.
Skimmed milk is more popular in the United States than Britain.
Someone writes a book and want to sell it.
Fair use is part of the laws of United States of America and some other countries.
Milk chocolate has some cocoa.
Dark chocolate is the least sweet and has the strongest chocolate flavor.
Dark chocolate contains ingredients that lower blood pressure and fight disease.
Fermentation makes the sugar in the beans turn into alcohol.
Most assembly languages have support for easily making numbers and text.
Compilers are much harder to write than assemblers are.
"Modular code is possible to write in assembly, but it takes extra effort."
Many beginners prefer to use a sponge and an elastic band instead.
"Stations are next to a railway line, or they are the terminus for a route."
"Many stations have things such as shelters, ticket sales and benches."
Many stations have a shop or a kiosk.
Some reports have the wing vibration earlier in the procedure.
Wolves have a complicated body language.
Some people think of the king as having a spiritual role.
People speak English there.
Nuclear bombs are much more powerful than other kinds of bombs.
Conditions vary depending on altitude.
Rainfall is heavy along the coast and is less in the north and south.
Cyclones are common during the wet season.
Musical instruments are usually handmade.
Pubic hair appears during puberty in girls and boys.
Nurses work in many places.
Some nurses train and work to help during surgery.
Any improvements are welcome.
Most watermelons are oblong or spherical.
Many people like to eat watermelon in the summer because the fruit is cool and refreshing.
"Watermelons are fruits and a vine-like plant, but they are edible."
Some animals reach wingspans of over a metre.
Most cookbooks also have tips on how to eat and present the food as well.
Sociology places some explanatory weight on the concept of role-behavior.
Some jobs carry different stigmas or acclaims.
Annual rainfall is over .
Humidity is also higher here.
Players tap the A button and twist the game around in order to play.
Mottoes are often in Latin.
Many castles have towers.
OWN issues are all way overblown.
OWN issue is a problem.
"People change, and attitudes change."
"Some people disagree on whether capitalism is a good idea, or how much of capitalism is a good idea."
Football is the most popular sport.
Floppy disks store much less data than a CD-ROM disk or USB flash drive.
"Some products are simple household items, like toothpaste and vitamins."
Agriculture is the profession of the most of the people.
Sunlight is a powerful disinfectant.
"Wrist snap is especially important, as the throw has no stability without a strong spin."
Some transsexual people go from male to female.
Transsexual women take female hormones.
Transsexual men take male hormones.
Some transsexual men look like any other man after hormones.
Some transsexual men have surgery.
"Pianists also play along singers, solo musicians, and other performers in their leading performance."
Economy class is the standard class on Virgin Atlantic aircraft.
"Passengers usually get a free meal, some drinks and a bag with gifts in like a toothbrush."
First responders are especially useful in case of cardiac arrest where every minute counts.
Snipers shoot targets that are far away.
Magazines hold more shots in the gun and make it much faster to ready the next shot.
Police departments train and use snipers.
"Kafir is an Arabic word for unbeliever, a person who hides, denies, or covers the truth."
Psychologists study the human mind and behavior.
"People also say it ignores some specific issues in certain parts of the world, like."
Most crayfish are strictly aquatic but some live in semi-aquatic environments.
Large stars lose their matter relatively easily.
People eat radishes all over the world.
Many people think of it as the corporation's flagship.
Honey badgers are smart animals and are one of few species able to use tools.
"Honey badgers are able to feed on tortoises without difficulty, due to their powerful jaws."
Many systems allow to listen to the left messages by simply calling the answering machine.
Backups are a simple form of disaster recovery.
"Veterinarians learn to treat all animals, but sometimes work with a specific type."
Infantry is the backbone of the military and the most important branch of the army.
"Monarch now flies to many different places around the world, and usually to holiday resorts."
Fantasy fiction is particularly rich in references to the flat Earth.
Ozone is important to planet Earth.
"Most humans have two hands each, usually with four fingers and a thumb."
Television displays more men in boxer shorts than in other underwear.
Many people believe it is one of the best modern American stories of all time.
Every movement has an interpretation.
"Players play through blowing air through the double reed, making the reeds vibrate."
People freely take the sushi they want as it passes.
"Polo saddles are English-style, similar to jumping saddles."
Most scholars agree that the manuscript is a copy of a more ancient text.
"Philosophers of science recognize, however, that science is impossible without metaphysics."
Some waves have motion in another direction as well as the direction of the wave.
Most people travel to the festival by train.
"Omega watches are in great demand, by great filmmakers for their films."
Negative comments are always more likely to arrive once voting starts.
Uniform number is a disambiguation page.
Digital cameras allow people to take pictures.
Some domestic yaks are white.
Yaks are herd animals.
Kraits are venomous.
"Hoatzins communicate through unusual sounds that resemble wheezing, grunting, growls, and hisses."
Tourism is a major business in most of Tasmania.
Many smaller towns are also on the Tasman Peninsula.
Black mambas eat small mammals like rodents and squirrels.
Black mambas are important to our ecosystems because they keep the rodent populations in check.
"Inspiration comes from life experiences, feelings, dreams, and thoughts."
Inspiration is what makes great things happen.
"Many festivals happen every year, or at some other common interval."
Modern cars have brakes on all four wheels.
Toyota automobiles are well known for lasting a very long time.
Actions elsewhere are usually a good indicator of all actions.
More hands make writing a wikipedia light work.
Different sources list different lengths of time in that range.
Towns are smaller than cities.
Nude photography wants to show a stylised depiction of the human body.
Constructive interference happens when two or more waves are in the same space and in phase.
Destructive interference happens when two or more waves are in the same place and out of phase.
"Lentils come in colors that range from yellow to red-orange to green, brown and black."
Lentils have a distinctive earthy flavor.
"Lentils are often mixed with grains, such as rice, which results in a complete protein dish."
Polarized light has waves which all line up in the same direction.
Shelf life is different from 'expiration date'.
Some companies use induction sealing and vacuum pouches to add to the shelf life of their products.
Examples are the breakdown of many chemical explosives into more unstable compounds.
Bottle conditioning allows yeasts to remain in the beer after it is bottled.
Peacock terms are especially hard to deal with without using weasel words.
Every source is right after what it talks about.
Protons are parts of atoms with a positive charge.
Most mechanical failures result from gradual wear.
Trinity has more students than any other college in Cambridge or Oxford.
People associate certain colors with certain flavors.
Lakes are the combination of dyes and insoluble material.
Lakes tint by dispersion.
Complications are problems that happen because of a disease.
Education is important for both types of diabetes.
Some people also consider wind turbines to be ugly and unsightly.
Females have pouch to carry their babies.
Rock pools are common on some shores.
Most uniforms have different logos and colors to tell which team is which.
Eukaryotes are complex cells with many organelles and other structures in the cell.
"Prokaryotic cells reproduce using binary fission, where the cell simply splits in half."
Guide books are available.
People sign up for projects and months go by and they do nothing towards that project.
Images always help.
Censorship hides facts.'
Different parents have different opinions on what is safe for their children.
Administrators automatically have the ability to perform transwiki imports.
Many people accuse someone of performing fellatio as an insult.
"Some games require working as a team, while others require single skills."
Some people have money.
Humans often categorize themselves by race or ethnicity.
Human races are questionable as valid biological categories.
Enzymes breakdown the cytoskeleton of the cell.
Apoptosis is the normal end of a cell's life.
Apoptosis takes place by the help of lysosomes.
"Current account has less than fifty edits, and has a habit of retiring and quickly returning."
Victory often comes with a lot of emotion.
Optimization is about finding better solutions to problems.
Subjectivism says that each person has their own sense of beauty.
Diesel engines make very good use of the fuel they burn.
More strings make the instrument sound fuller.
Modern guitars come in four main types.
Some guitars combine the hollow acoustic body with amplified sound.
Many Gnostic teachings are docetic.
"People study the swarm intelligence of social insects and animals such as fish, birds, and ants."
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
Many people use a vibrator or dildo to masurbate.
"Some women find stimulation of the front vaginal wall, or G spot, particularly pleasurable."
"Some people masturbate every day, sometimes even multiple times a day."
Sexual arousal depends on hormones.
Some people actually consider masturbation as a cardiovascular workout.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
Active teams are in 'bold'.
Higher scores show more conscious states.
All plants go through a cycle with a haploid gametophyte alternating with a diploid sporophyte.
Bees help plants.
Wind blows it from the flowers on one plant to the flowers on another plant.
Animals also help move pollen between plants.
Many flowers are colourful and their scent attracts some animals.
Humans have two breasts.
Men also have breasts.
"Girls develop breasts during puberty due to sex hormones, mainly estrogen."
Hormones also play a role.
Arteries have a pulse.
Pregnancy usually starts when a woman has sexual intercourse with a man.
People also have different opinions about abortion.
Forests are very important and grow all over the world.
Cloves are native to Indonesia.
"All species are woody, with essential oils, and flower parts in multiples of four or five."
Women usually go to hairdressers instead.
"Barbers sometimes have a pole outside, which is red and white in most countries."
Barbers also shape and trim beards and mustaches.
Some states combine barbering and cosmetology licenses into one.
Masons build brick walls.
Players are also able to replay their games at a later time.
Most countries limit the sale of the different kinds of alcohol.
Many later philosophers refer to the work.
Orioles have bright colored feathers.
Blue peacock are an example of display.
Birds lose their feathers at certain times.
Many birds moult once every year.
Feathers give birds colour.
People use feathers for many purposes.
Strychnine has few uses today.
Strychnine causes muscular convulsions.
Many alkaloids are toxic to other organisms.
Some alkaloids have a bitter taste.
Cholesterol is a molecule in cells.
Steroids are lipids that have a special chemical structure.
Cholesterol is usually in the walls of cells.
Cholesterol does many important jobs in a cell.
Infarction means death of a tissue or organ.
Some people develop atherosclerosis faster than others.
Cholesterol is a soft waxy substance.
Steroids are lipids that have a special chemical structure.
Hypercholesterolemia means that cholesterol level is too high in the blood.
Human hands are chiral.
Some transsexual people change their body to make it more like their gender identity.
Most lesbian women have a female gender identity.
Every round starts with both teams spawning at the same time.
Most people describe themselves as heterosexual.
Hate crime is sometimes a way to frighten other people who belong to the same group.
"Pediatricians are primary care doctors, but only for children."
Internists are primary care doctors for adults.
"Some gynecologists do primary care, but for women only."
Surgical training requires a minimum of five years of residency after medical school.
Pediatricians take care of diseases that children get.
Pediatricians also try to prevent other diseases and injury before they happen.
Nouns end in '-o'.
Verbs end in '-as' when they are in present tense.
Infinitives end in '-i'.
Most stimulants have more side-effects than other drugs.
"Some people go through pain to change the way they look, such as in ear piercing."
Some African tribes use scarification as a symbol of beauty and strength.
Prisoners are also more likely to self-harm.
Consensus is more important than numbers.
Some lines only have one train every two hours.
Some males are able to orgasm with prostate stimulation alone.
Every multicellular organism produces hormones.
Some glands make hormones.
Hormones do many things.
Metabolism is all of the chemical and energy reactions that happen in a living thing.
Hormones cause the growth and death of cells and of whole organisms.
Hormones also start and control sexual development.
Hormones help keep homeostasis in an organism.
Infectious disease is a large cause of pain and death.
Cholera is an acute intestinal illness.
Logic is the mechanics of thought and analysis.
Rhetoric is the mechanics of discourse.
Many legends tell about the origins of boxing in Greece.
Taste is what a human or animal feels on the tongue when food is in the mouth.
Bitter melons are very bitter in taste.
"Many common foods are bitter, like coffee, bitter melon, olives and citrus peel."
Most people consider sweetness to be a pleasant taste.
Animals also have sense organs which feel temperature and pain.
Monkeys grooming each other's fur is a good example.
Man is a political animal.
Immunization is when a persons immune system learns to fight an infection.
People say immunization to mean the same thing as vaccination.
Vaccinations do have some side effects.
Ukuleles are part of the guitar family of instruments.
Ukuleles normally have nylon strings or gut strings.
Some animals have only two or three chambers.
Electricity going through the heart makes the cells contract.
Conduction means heat or electricity traveling through something.
Atrial diastole happens then too.
Heart muscle can even die if blood flow stops.
Dualism is also a common sense idea.
People catch malaria when the parasite enters the blood.
Bacteria are smaller and simpler than protozoa.
"Sporozoites go to the liver, where they make many more sporozoites."
Symptoms are changes in someone's body that are signs for a disease.
Complications are problems that happen because of a disease.
Some people get very sick from primaquine.
Vector means an organism that carries an infectious disease to another organism.
Some people take prophylactic medicines for years.
Capillaries are between veins and arteries and they supply tissue with blood.
Arteries get smaller as they go away from the heart.
Veins get bigger as they go toward the heart.
Capillaries go between arteries and veins.
Systemic arterioles turn into capillaries.
Venules are the smallest veins.
Veins take blood back to the heart.
Nitrites are similar to nitrates.
People learning English often learn to read and write English at the same time.
Many mosques have minarets.
Some dildos vibrate and pivot for extra pleasure.
Proteins are the 'machinery' of a cell.
Most Kingfishers eat fish.
Some Kingfishers eat lizards or other reptiles.
Testicles have two important jobs in the body.
Testicles make several types of chemical substances.
Scientists call making sperm 'spermatogenesis'.
Doctors know what size the orchidometer is.
Some diseases cause testicles to swell.
Many difficult words are links.
Stubs are ideas for articles.
"Some people have a lot of pride in their native language, and want people to learn it."
Fans vote for the top player for each match in the World Cup tournament.
Igneous rock occurs in two ways.
Oxides are mostly of iron.
Gastric ulcers are peptic ulcers in the stomach.
Duodenal ulcers are peptic ulcers in the duodenum.
Some people also feel pain go up to the chest.
Antibiotics are medicines that kill germs like bacteria.
Natural remedies have none of the side effects common to antibiotic treatment.
Symptoms are ways that people feel or ways that their bodies appear.
Tests are ways to see how the body is working.
Rotational force is key in concussion.
Language reforms make big changes to a language.
Simplification makes the language easier to use.
Purification makes the language similar to a version of the language that people think is more pure.
Some people feel that it is bad to change a language.
Calcium compounds are colorless.
Many cells have 'calcium channels' on their surface.
Bones contain most of the calcium ion in the human body.
Calcium compounds are also important in chemistry.
Plasma membranes are very small.
Organelles are special areas of the cell that do different work.
Prussian blue is a chemical compound.
People live in two different areas.
Canned gravies are also available.
Cobras generally inhabit tropical and desert regions of Asia and Africa.
More information is available at the preferences panel.
Ephedrine is like amphetamine and methamphetamine.
Alkaloids are natural basic chemical compounds which contain nitrogen atoms.
"Microtubules are essential to cell division, so taxanes are essentially mitotic inhibitors."
Many immigrants have to use all their money to pay fees or plane tickets.
Some people suffer from emotional masochism.
Organisms change in response to conditions in their environment.
Some people call themselves 'environmentalists'.
Some animals also use teeth as a weapon.
Babies chew on things to make the pain better.
Some people never grow wisdom teeth.
Tartar makes gums unhealthy and makes more bacteria grow on the teeth.
"Most tourist are from Germany, the United Kingdom and Italy and France."
All pupils live at the school.
PuTTY is currently beta software.
Security takes much of a computers power.
Lactic acid acts on the protein in the milk to make yoghurt thick and sour.
"Most tourist come for sunbathing, swimming, windsurfing or snorkeling."
Glia cells keep the neurons safe and healthy.
Axons take information 'away from' the cell body.
Dendrites take information to the cell body.
Adjuvants usually boost immune response.
Intentional injury is when someone 'tries' to hurt another person.
Accidental injury is when no one means to hurt someone else.
Ribosomes are molecular machines that synthesize proteins.
"Steroids make the player move faster, as well as removing the effects of the shrink-ray."
Protective boots allow the player to cross dangerously hot or toxic floors.
Weapons also have a limited number of ammunition.
Games are more similar in the modern world to music and movies than anything else.
Every modern cipher attempts to provide protection against ciphertext-only attacks.
Muscles are 'contractile' tissue.
Many muscles pull on bones to make arms and legs move.
Skeletal muscles are the only 'voluntary' muscles.
Smooth muscles are in many places.
Exercise also makes muscles stronger.
Vomiting occurs when food goes back up the esophagus and out the mouth.
"Examples are aspirin, ibuprofen, and naproxen."
Examples are carbamazepine and gabapentin.
Twofish algorithm is free for anyone to use without any restrictions whatsoever.
Stream ciphers represent a different approach to symmetric encryption from block ciphers.
Some valleys appear to have rivers.
Many Australian plants burn easily.
Artificial life imitates traditional biology by trying to 'recreate' biological phenomena.
Some ciphers have simple key schedules.
"Sounds pass into our ear and make the eardrum vibrate, which makes the tiny bones inside."
Football is also an increasingly popular sport.
Heat naturally flows from areas that are hot to areas that are cold.
Chocolate comes from the cacao tree.
Cocoa butter has a mild chocolate flavor and smell.
Humans can also end the pregnancy on purpose before birth takes place.
Different countries have different laws regarding induced abortion.
Most miscarriages occur very early.
Some women have bad pains in their low abdomen when they have a miscarriage.
Women usually feel a small amount of pain during first-trimester abortion.
Spontaneous abortions occur in various mammals.
Some people feel very strongly about abortion.
Many religions have a view on abortion.
Most religions generally oppose abortion.
Clocks use different ways to measure time.
Digital clocks use numbers to show the time.
"Carnivorous plants are generally herbs, without wood or bark."
"Bacteria start to decay the insect, and release nutrients from the corpse."
Some people make the smiley without the hyphen for a nose.
Correct grammar is just as valuable as correct spelling.
Some countries have different sizes for different liquids.
Headers also help make an article clearer and easy to see the structure in the table of contents.
Coriander is originally from the southwestern Asia across to north Africa.
"Radiographs reveal exceptional forelimb strength in the sabertooth cat, 'Smilodon fatalis'."
Folds are pearly white - females have whiter cords than males.
Dinner is very important to some cultures.
Shamanism is different from animism.
Some diseases cause bad things to build up in the liver.
Most hepatocellular carcinoma is from cirrhosis.
Platelets immediately form a plug at the site of injury.
Players try to take the ball to the other team's in-goal and place it on the ground.
"Symptoms are back pain, vomiting, fever, and dark or bloody urine."
Many people have hypertensive 'and' diabetic nephropathy together.
Replacement is something that takes the place of something else.
Dialysis is when doctors use a machine and medicines to do the work that kidneys do.
Kidney transplants are the most common organ transplant that happens.
Most real programs use a combination of data parallelism and task parallelism.
Any help is help.
Rainstorms occasionally cause flooding of the Namoi River.
Instruction caches make the problem even worse.
Men ejaculate different amounts of semen.
Older men make less semen.
Seminal plasma protects and provides food for sperm as they travel inside a woman's body.
Studies seem to say that semen is an anti-depressant.
Tentative release dates for upcoming films.
Tentative release dates for upcoming films.
Water is a problem for many African countries.
"Many normal people are alive, though."
Some people believe that life begins at conception.
Some people believe that life begins when the fetus is able to live outside of the woman.
"Chemistry is the study of elements, atoms, molecules, and how they react together."
Biologists study living organisms.
"Typical operations are addition, subtraction, multiplication, division, and square root."
Depersonalization is a sense of unreality about oneself.
Perfectionists believe that anything less than perfect is unacceptable.
Physical abuse has many forms.
Disabled people are more vulnerable to sexual assault for a number of reasons.
Red circles represent protons and blue circles represent neutrons.
Tissues are groups of cells that work together to do a job in the body.
Objective observations are true no matter who makes the observation.
Nut is also an Egyptian goddess.
Execution units are also essential to microarchitecture.
People have to pay money to join the forums to talk with other people around the world.
Women usually use a pad or a tampon to keep the blood from staining their undergarments.
Menses happens in the first days of the menstrual cycle.
Most women use something to absorb or catch their menses.
"Some women use sea sponges, towels and other reusable absorbing items."
Many poison dart frogs secrete alkaloid toxins through their skin.
Reference is a rule here.
Most nightclubs are only open in the evening and in the night.
"Some nightclubs have entertainment such as pop bands, rock bands, or comedians."
"Some nightclubs also serve a small selection of food, usually snacks or finger food."
Some nightclubs hire servers to bring drinks to people who are sitting at tables or in chairs.
Some nightclubs also hire people to take away empty bottles and glasses.
"Some precious metals are gold, silver, and platinum."
Jewelry often uses gemstones and precious metals.
Potassium is a soft gray metal.
"Potassium also burns in air easily, to make the peroxide or the superoxide."
Potassium ions are colorless and similar to sodium ions.
Most potassium compounds are nontoxic.
Potassium ions are very important to organisms.
Prairie dogs are also aggressive against predators such as badgers and snakes.
Prairie dogs employ a complex form of communication that involves barks and rhythmic chirps.
Prairie dogs use different calls to identify specific predators.
"Museums exist for the purposes of education, study and enjoyment."
"People go to museums sometimes to learn, or to simply have fun."
"Observatories also have to be away from places that have lots of light, like cities."
Different fashions test the level of modesty.
Different cultures have different standards of modesty.
Naturists have different views.
Sexual orientation is a subject that is less and less a taboo.
Session keys introduce complexities in a cryptosystem.
"Many different pills exist, with different kinds or amounts of hormones."
"Some women use the pill the wrong way, miss doses, or stop taking the pill."
People sometimes make mistakes on purpose.
Most web services are also types of servers.
Network computing is the opposite to 'Stand-alone computing'.
"Interest is a charge on top of the value of the loan, that acts as a cost of the loan."
Most personal loans are unsecured loans.
People go there to see the many animals and the beauty of the countryside.
Football is a very important part of the culture of the city.
Turtles have a hard beak.
Turtles use their jaws to cut and chew food.
Many people think it is one of the most influential albums in history.
Aboriginal art is an important part of the world's oldest continuous cultural tradition.
"Aboriginal art is a language in itself, communicating through beautiful patterns."
Some Aboriginal artists sell their artwork for a lot of money.
Dolphins use echolocation to find their food.
Oceanic dolphins are marine animals living in the sea.
Dolphins have reasonable eyesight.
Scientists continue to study dolphin therapy.
Pigs often roll in mud to protect themselves from sunlight.
Many people think that pigs are dirty and smell.
Pigs are very intelligent animals.
Many schools use tongue rolling as an example of a genetic trait.
People usually light an incense stick or agarbatti and pour water on the plant during the prayer.
Some people keep hedgehogs as pets.
Magic is common in the game.
Bullets have many uses.
Police use the pistol because an officer can easily carry it and have it ready to use.
Cathedrals are the seat of bishops.
"Modern churches bring the congregation, choir and priests in closer touch."
Many universities give graduate degrees.
Users often post minority views to articles.
Tendentious user continues reverting.
Ivory is now very rare and expensive since there are restrictions on hunting elephants for ivory.
Thai food is often spicy.
Skins form the only bedsteads.
Native medicine is of the simplest.
"Most tournaments only allow a player to buy-in and receive chips once, at the beginning."
Some tournaments allow players to buy-in more than once for the first few levels of the tournament.
Galagos are omnivorous but primarily insectivorous.
"Many Tungusic languages are in danger, and the long-term future of the family is uncertain."
Woodwind instruments make music by reeds or by blowing across a sharp edge.
SOme therapies involve bathing in mud.
Weapons are difficult to conceal on a nearly naked body.
Pygmies talk in a variety of screeches.
Some words are more difficult.
Comments are of course welcome.
Some muskrats live in burrows on the water banks.
Muskrats are excellent swimmers but are slow on land.
Strains are therefore an absolutely essential part of bacterial identification.
Modern usage is a high capacity medium for backups and archives.
"Electrons go into the - terminal of an electrolytic cell, but electric current goes out."
Some vandalism is easy to see.
Most privacy issues refer to cases of government or employer gathering of data.
Notable articles are welcome.
Car batteries are rechargeable.
"Binturongs have thick, black fur, a long, muscular tail, and long, stiff, white whiskers."
Binturongs eat fruit and small animals that they find using their sense of smell to find food.
Agriculture is the back bone of Pakistan's economy.
"Stores operate in the United States, Canada, United Kingdom, Italy, France, Denmark, and Japan."
"Manhattan has many famous landmarks, tourist attractions, museums, and universities."
Monks practice asceticism.
Nuns living together do so in a convent.
"Axons are long, thin and tendril-like."
White supremacy is a form of racism.
Climate charts provide an overview of the climate in a particular place.
Feminism is about changing the way that people see men and women.
Some feminists believe that there are important differences between men and women.
"Fragmentation grenades send out lots of very fast, very small fragments when they explode."
"Hippopotamuses rest together in the water, but they like to graze by themselves."
Male hippos seem to keep on growing for their whole lives.
"Hippos have big and heavy bodies, dark gray skin, and short legs."
Hippopotamuses are herbivores.
"Diacritics are rare in English, but common in many other languages."
Electrical engineers make supercomputers that link many thousands of microprocessors.
"Oxygen passes over one electrode and hydrogen over the other, generating electricity water and heat."
"Control engineering needs Electrical circuits, antenna and very small control unit."
Some Islamic scholars say that it is wrong to kill innocent people.
Milk is an example.
Someone needs to get it back up to speed.
Parkes is on the main Australian transcontinental railway line between Sydney and Perth.
Parkes has a dry climate.
Many old churches are also very interesting places.
Some passenger vehicles have a traveling hotspot for their customers.
Downtown is a place where there are a lot of offices and stores.
"Bull sharks are usually pale to dark grey above, and their undersides are white."
"Bull sharks are viviparous, meaning that they give live birth."
Bull sharks reach maturity depending on where they are.
Instrumentation means a lot more than measurement.
Flame detector is a device which detects the flame by analyzing the color.
Children breathe even faster.
Force consists of magnetic force and electric force.
Tamarins live in small family groups.
Tamarins use their claws to dig for insects in the bark of trees.
M stars are the coldest and O stars are the hottest in stellar classification.
Many people like to grow cactus in pots or gardens.
"Many cacti live in dry places, such as deserts."
Many cactus flowers are big and beautiful.
Some cactus fruits are brightly coloured and good to eat.
Cactuses have many adaptations for living in places that are sometimes dry for a long time.
"People eat the fruit of some kinds of cactus, such as dragonfruit and prickly pear."
Some cold deserts have a short season of above-freezing temperatures.
Camels survive in hot deserts by storing water in body fat in their humps.
Forensic psychology has some major roles in a court that bring psychology into a legal arena.
Firefighters work for the 'fire department'.
Firefighters have vehicles they drive fires and rescue operations.
Fire trucks carry ladders and tools to help rescue people from burning buildings.
Most materials have a unique chemical attraction for electrons.
Lightning is also an example of static discharge.
Space is no longer an issue.
Fruit bats eat other things too.
People sometimes travel there to ski in winter.
Gray whales are very agile swimmers.
Gray whales have lots of barnacles and lice on their skin.
Basking sharks are highly migratory.
Plants are a good tool for a heel wrestler to gain heat from the crowd.
People also build ovens out of clay or bricks.
"People often cook meat by boiling, roasting or grilling it."
People bake bread.
Some foods are good to eat raw.
Restaurants hire skilled cooks for amounts of money and customers pay for meals.
People eat it with the wish of living a simple and long life next year.
"Some people use it as a time of fasting, study, meditation and prayer."
Some churches use special candles during advent.
Many people take photographs of the college.
Tripoli has about one million people.
Many plumbers are construction workers.
Ammunition can also include flares and incendaries - chemicals that start fires.
Economists measure inflation regularly to know an economy's state.
Inflation affects different people in different ways.
Burgess Hill has a Conservative member of parliament.
Members compete in local and national charity and fun races.
Scientists make hypotheses and theories about their fields of study.
"Current capacities range from tens of gigabytes to almost a terabyte, per cartridge."
"Most Italian people eat their Bolognese sauce with 'tagliatelle', a broad, flat type of pasta."
Musicians often have discussions about what the real meaning of the piece is.
New contributors are always welcome.
Potassium nitrate is a common nitrate.
Nitrites are similar.
Bureaucrats perform vital tasks.
Helps detect empty parameters and fall back to default values.
Pawns move differently than other pieces.
Pawns have a special way to capture.
"Many members are succulent, having fleshy stems or leaves."
All new stars change hydrogen to helium through nuclear fusion.
Pantographs easily adapt to various heights of the overhead wires by partly folding.
Animators usually work with other people to form a team.
All passerines have four toes on each foot.
Males defend territories from other males.
Many benches have no back.
Humans usually catch the disease from animals.
Lead compounds are toxic just like the element.
Bells are also in churches to announce the time between hours.
Transformers is about different things sometimes.
Simple living says that a person needs only few and basic things to be happy.
Many mathematicians are math professors at universities.
Technology is also important in North Carolina.
"Hard cider contains alcohol, which affects the taste of the cider."
"American bison live in river valleys, and on prairies and plains."
Bison live in the northern part of the world.
Differential calculus is the opposite of integral calculus.
Tourism provides jobs and income to the community.
Commercial fishing is an important part of the local economy.
Supplies come by the river or by airplane.
Fluffy bedding is dangerous for hamsters.
Hamsters store food in the sides of their mouths.
Most hamsters also have a wheel to run on for exercise.
Christians believe that it is the holiest day in the year.
People wear new clothes and go to church.
People often have difficulty telling agnosticism and atheism apart.
Cheese production is also important.
Programming consists in removing connections.
"Performance is higher since the components switch quickly, consuming little power."
Scientists divide the mosses into eight groups.
Every Hawaiian syllable ends with a vowel.
"Crocodiles live in rivers, lakes and dams in parts of America, Asia, Africa and Australia."
Quotations show a short story.
Some sources pixel out or remove the genitals.
Punk rock is a style of music.
Many punks have strong political beliefs.
Some punks are anarchists.
Some people say that punk rock is dead.
Tests edits comming.
Females seem to have fewer teeth rows than males.
People say that it looks like a fox.
Organs make up an organism.
"Herbs have natural healing effects on organs, blood, and various unhealthy conditions."
"Some herbs are prone to adulteration, substitution, or both."
Irish monks come to Iceland.
Some people have surgery to make their penises larger.
Clitorises range in size.
Orgasms vary in intensity.
Nipples can also become erect when a person feels cold or sexually excited.
"Many users claim to have an uncontrollable urge to get more of the drug, after using it."
Exams usually end with the subjects that the fewest people take.
Students also have to take Maths and English.
Students have to take exams on at least six subjects.
Many inventors make small changes to old inventions.
Modern clocks are often electronic.
Bears usually have a big body with short and thick legs.
"Some bears hibernate, that means they sleep during the winter to save energy."
"Bears are usually omnivorous, which means that they eat plants and meat."
Some rocket engines burn liquid fuels while some burn solid fuels.
"Males come before females, and older children come before younger children."
Most illnesses are bad because they usually kill or damage parts of a body.
"Powers are warrior angels against evil, who defend the world and people."
Sockets bind the application to service ports that functions as the endpoints of data transmission.
Rape is a form of sexual assault.
Some adults are unable to consent to sex.
Marital rape is where the victim of rape is married to the person committing the rape.
Rape is a medical emergency.
Rape is at least twice as likely to cause pregnancy as consensual sex.
Some people believe in 'rape culture'.
Rape culture is a culture that lets rape happen.
Different countries have different legal definitions of rape.
Prostitutes have possibly the highest rape rate in the population.
Cache coherence is there to manage such conflicts and maintain consistency between cache and memory.
Coherence defines the behavior of reads and writes to the same memory location.
"Many celebrities maintain homes in the city, especially in the South beach area."
Rays use their pectoral fins to fly through the water.
Sport fishermen like to catch tuna using rods and hooks.
Many hooks have different sizes for different fish.
Sweet sorghum overcomes many of the shortcomings of other biofuel crops.
Conversion is easy.
"Most people live in areas close to the coast, or in fertile farms."
Most sea stars are predators.
Many people find the site to be difficult to understand.
Anteaters live in South America and Central America.
Anteaters eat ants and termites.
Brown bears live mostly across northern North America and Eurasia.
Sopranos have a higher range and altos have a lower range.
Love is what holiness is all about.
"Many lemmings leave to find a new home, when they run out of food and space."
Most chemicals make a different color or spectrum than other chemicals.
Riders win by having the fastest time without knocking any jumps down.
"Large horses are calm, trustworthy and good-natured."
Different breeds do different types of races.
"Research shows that Buddhist meditation lowers stress, anxiety and depression."
Elephants use their large ears to cool themselves when it is very hot.
Some people wear corsets to make their torsos a certain shape.
Football is the national sport in Uganda.
Police officers have to patrol and respond to emergencies as quickly as possible.
Most death metal has very fast guitar and drum beats.
Some bands choose to write about philosophy or religion.
Tourists come from around the world to float in the water.
People use fur for clothing because it is very warm.
"Camels live in deserts, where it is hot and dry."
Several adaptations help a camel save water.
"Camels live in groups, with one male, several females, and their young calves."
Donkeys ears are much longer than a horse's.
Donkeys come in lots of different sizes.
Muslim traders settle in the northwest and southeast of Madagascar.
Chess reaches Japan.
Beninese cuisine has lots of fresh meals with a variety of sauces.
Meat is usually expensive.
Meals are usually light on meat and generous on vegetable fat.
Many people have outdoor mud stoves for cooking.
Lysosomes work by breaking up larger molecules into smaller molecules.
Mimicry happens in both animal and plant species.
"Warning colours are vivid, often some of black, white, red, yellow."
Tests show that warning colours definitely do deter predators.
Tests show that birds do learn what to eat by sampling when they are young.
Rye is now a crop.
Vavilovian mimicry occurs in plants where a weed comes to look like a crop plant.
Many animals use more than one type of mimicry.
"Raccoon dogs are fox-like in build, but with shorter legs and tail."
"Most tomatoes are red, but some special kinds are yellow or orange when they are ripe."
"Pineapple is native from South America, Central America and the Caribbean."
Pineapple is a good fruit for health.
Melons are a nutritious food.
Raspberries are a popular fruit in some parts of the world.
Plums come in a wide variety of colors and sizes.
Peach blossoms are from small to medium-sized.
Borers attack the base of the trunk and the branches.
Figs grow in warm climates.
Figs are also in a popular snack.
"Blueberries have a sweet taste, with a little acidic hint."
Wild blueberries have a stronger taste.
"Blueberries are good for making jelly, jam, pie, muffins, and many other foods."
South Dildo is an unincorporated community.
Natural gas is a mixture.
Fishing is the main industry in the village.
"Sequence numbers are almost always non-negative, and typically start at zero or one."
Females have a larger abdomen than males but males have longer and thinner legs with a slim body.
Cricket is the most popular sport in Bangladesh.
Boa constrictors grow to a large size.
Teams usually play each other in series of three or four games at a time.
Several sections consist of only one or two sentences each.
Readers thus have links back and forth within the text.
Most slide rules have three linear strips of the same length.
Authors often find it very hard to find a publisher willing to sell their work.
Crops are the foods that farmers grow.
Hurricanes are common during summer.
"People begin to make cutlery in Sheffield, England."
Some individuals have pinkish borders on the outer edge of both wings.
All hamsters have short legs.
Obese hamsters are more likely to have problems with their legs.
Some people believe they are colorblind and have poor vision in daylight.
Snakes have lots of colors on their scales.
"All snakes eat other animals,some snakes are venomous."
"Mice eat weeds, seeds, berries, and more."
Many words have long vowel sounds.
Lucifer is Latin.
Lucifer is very evil in the Christian religion.
People argue about what the word 'castle' means.
Many castles are very beautiful and are public.
Some castles have legends of ghosts.
Logical disks provide a certain amount of space to store data.
Buffalo is the second-biggest city in New York State.
Buffalo is on the eastern side of Lake Erie near the Niagara River.
People usually drink milkshakes with a drinking straw and from a tall glass or cup.
Milk shakes are similar to smoothies.
"Adults live in the digestive tract of vertebrates, especially fish."
Storm drains vary in design from small residential dry wells to large municipal systems.
"Individuals roost high on walls or roof domes, far apart from each other."
Bats also undertake seasonal migration between caves.
Waves are very important in the natural world.
"Berries range in color from bright red, through dark purple, and into the blues."
Apes are the descendants of Old World monkeys.
"Monkeys are clever, social animals who are famous for climbing trees easily."
"Some monkeys live in trees, others live on the ground."
Title says it all really.
Governments often make rules about private postal delivery systems.
Most weavers use a natural warp thread such as linen or cotton.
Some people suffer from jet lag more than other people do.
Cancer is small and the stars are dim.
Most people use coins as currency.
Users have to have edits 'before' the vote starts for it to count.
Garage band includes hundreds of beats and music.
Most species grow near tropical and subtropical shores below the low-tide mark.
Record producers help musicians and recording artists to make singles and albums.
Stability is important in an administrator.
"Equal signs is a problem, but there is a fix."
People here grow banana and tapioca for money.
"Mature trees are usually hollow, providing living space for many animals and humans."
Many animals have their breeding seasons in spring.
Cilia are slender protuberances that project from the much larger cell body.
Cilia are structurally almost identical with the much larger flagella.
"Most leaves have stomata, which open and close."
Leaves come in many shapes and sizes.
"Vines help the plant to attach to surfaces, and to climb trees."
Petals attracts pollinators.
Alkali metals are the first group in the periodic table.
Arguments are no good without examples.
Females go from .
Mudskippers are active when they are out of the water.
"Mudskippers are different from their relatives, the gobies, in many ways."
"Gobies live only in the, which means they live both on land and in water."
Editors being sociable and generally nice to talk to is a side-effect.
People go to the temple to pray and give food to monks.
Most Eurasian lynxes are in Russia.
"Taekwondo develops force, speed, balance, flexibility, and stamina."
"Some nutritionists criticize fish and chips, because the meal contains a large amount of fat."
Spontaneous convection starts at any level.
Warmer air has lower thickness than cold air.
Summer is usually very humid.
Northern Parkway is a dividing line in the district.
Many tourists visit the Inner Harbor.
Serious problems require serious measures.
"Some users are more lenient, some less so, some in the middle."
Most time there are external links which the facts affirm the facts.
Pictures are there to illustrate the context of the article.
Censorship exists in wikipedia.
"Dalmatians are medium sized dogs, and they are very active and lively."
Reintroduction is the release of species back into the wild.
People usually try to lose weight by eating less.
People think that being overweight means that a person is lazy or bad.
Tribes represent a part in social evolution between bands and nations.
Most tribes have special customs or traditions.
"People also race in cars, boats, airplanes and other vehicles, and on animals like horses."
External searches are useful where an article requires certain keywords to make an effective search.
Sap colour is different for different plants.
Aardvarks eat mostly ants and termites.
"Aardvarks are nocturnal, which means they are awake at night and asleep during the day."
"Eyebrows protect the eyes, if water runs over the face or if there is too much sunlight."
Someone stepping in it starts to sink.
Several detachments make up a cadet company.
Teeth are intermediate between typical human and typical ape forms.
Airplanes also have wings.
People also talk about wings of buildings.
Homo sapiens idaltu' is an extinct subspecies of 'Homo sapiens'.
Police are very edgy.
Comedy shows are very popular on television.
Current version is much better.
Many mud volcanoes are by the Black Sea and Caspian Sea.
China has a lot of mud volcanoes in the Xinjiang province.
Echidnas pick up the prey with their sticky tongues.
"Books have no scroll bars, a browser does."
Police are full police officers in New York State and in the state of Connecticut.
Females have a smaller pointed nose.
Many people wear wristbands when they exercise or play sports to absorb sweat.
Some events let people leave and return during the event.
Charities help anti-bullying.
Spirals are also a symbol of hypnosis.
Comments are welcome.
White phosphorus is a waxy white solid.
White phosphorus is more reactive than red phosphorus.
White phosphorus is very dangerous.
Red phosphorus is much safer.
"Renewable energy can also contribute to education, by providing electricity to schools."
Engineers plan to add laser capabilities.
Some implementations have a function which returns the current length of the stack.
Wet dreams are natural and harmless.
Cartoons propel creative process.
Amino acids are the basic building blocks of proteins.
Surveying provides an everyday example of parallax.
Many boats travel on the sound.
"Many boats come from across the Ocean from places like Japan, and China to trade in Washington."
Some people escape to the space ship.
"Abdominal migraine causes severe pain in the 'abdomen,'."
Women are three times more likely to have migraine headaches than men.
Metals are good at moving heat.
Gases are also good at moving heat.
Hospice tries to allow people to die with as little pain as possible.
Bosons are particles responsible for all physical forces except gravity.
"Mitochondria live inside the cells of all animals, plants, and fungi."
Exhaust is the waste smoke.
Protectionism is one of the purposes.
Ice pellets are a type of frozen precipitation.
Ice pellets are usually smaller than hailstones.
Women are more likely to get seriously ill than men.
Severe dengue causes fluid to leak from the bloodstream.
People can also use mosquito netting when they are resting.
Scientists keep doing research on ways to prevent and treat dengue.
Scientists keep working on creating a vaccine to protect people from all four types of dengue.
Most kitchens have cabinets for storage of cooking materials and utensils.
Capillary action is a result of the surface tension of liquids.
Corruption is very harmful for a society and country.
"Anarchists say that government, the police and laws are oppressive."
Potassium nitrate is a colorless solid.
Potassium nitrate is a strong oxidizer.
Potassium nitrate is a little toxic.
Reviewers often review games in genres that they are unfamiliar with.
Histology deals with techniques for looking at tissues under a microscope.
Spirits are usually drunk out of shot glasses.
Runners pass batons to one another in relay races.
Musical conductors use batons to lead an orchestra.
Neutrons bind with protons with the residual strong force.
"Neutrons are the key to nuclear chain reactions, nuclear power and nuclear weapons."
"Biplanes can usually have more lift than similar monoplanes, but also create more drag."
Transposons are only one of several types of mobile genetic elements.
Nachos are most popular in Mexico.
Many deaths occur around the world each year due to human contact with a third rail.
Couples dancing includes 'pairs' and ice dancing.
"Pairs skating has jumps, and sometimes the man lifts the woman in the air."
Loons are the size of a large duck or a small goose.
Loons are the state bird of Minnesota.
Loons dive under the water for many metres.
Loons communicate to each other through their sounds.
Loons warn others to stay away from their nests by dancing on the water.
"Loons eat fish like sunfish, perch, and bullheads."
Dogs are pack animals.
Wood tar is microbicidal and has a pleasant odor.
Reasons are potholes and the quality of the road.
Most articles have interwiki links to do that.
Many freezers also have an icemaker.
Mutual information is difficult to compare.
Good articles are a higher status of article than regular articles.
Proposals run for three weeks.
Some finger slips on the keyboard.
Birds are the last surviving dinosaurs.
"Some exhibitions show works of art of the same artist, others show works of art on a common theme."
Some game clubs help prepare members for such tournaments.
"All golf tournaments meet are of the first type, but match play tournaments are in the second."
Images often aid understanding of concepts.
Leonese language is the language of the province.
Males measure an average of  and females  in length.
Calves measure  at birth.
Most countries allow citizens to vote once they are legally an adult.
Body odor occurs in the axilla due to microorganisms.
Many people think of the axilla as being a ticklish spot.
Bats use echolocation to catch prey and to find their way about.
Bats are a successful group.
Bats live almost everywhere.
Echolocation means they use echoes to find where things are.
"Echolocation is like sonar, which submarines and ships use to find things underwater."
Bats fly with their hands.
"Megabats eat fruit, nectar or pollen."
Bats mostly live in caves or trees.
"Most bats rest, sleep and hibernate in an upside-down position."
"Bats are also a symbol of ghosts, death and disease."
"Football is a popular sport in the country recently, where the main sport is baseball."
Thai astrology has a 'color of the day' for each day of the week.
Some patients benefit by putting simple oil around the anus.
Any help welcome.
"Insistence is one thing, but there needs to be a clear set of rules if that is going to be the case."
"People give talks about many things, for example, science, art, and business."
Various gases exist in outer space.
"Carbon dioxide is weakly soluble in water, therefore it separates into a gas."
Carbonation also describes the incorporation of carbon dioxide into chemical compounds.
Nobody is perfect.
Chemists use it as a solvent for chemical reactions and in cromatography.
Girls are often stockmen on farms.
All humans learn to speak before they read.
Methanol is the main ingredient.
Human language is an interesting case.
Corned beef is a common meat in deli sandwiches.
Most English people speak the English language.
Bubble gum comes in many flavors.
Psychological dependency is a dependency of the mind.
People create articles on subjects that they are interested about.
Nuclear explosions produce radiation and radioactive debris.
Kangaroos are marsupials because they carry their young in a special pouch on their bodies.
Many religions have godparents or other adults who do something almost the same.
Research is ongoing with a number of universities leading the way.
Little rain falls in a grassland biome.
Wildfires are common and prevent trees from growing.
Scientists often debate where each topic begins and ends.
Some trains look like a special bus that can only drive on rails.
Passenger trains are usually very comfortable way of travelling.
Every train needs a driver to make it run right.
Some trains have electric motors in many or all of the cars.
"Cable modems connect through cable television, and are similarly fast."
Abortion is no longer a dangerous procedure.
Golden eagles live in the Scottish Highlands.
Some computers change their IP from time to time.
Cattle raising for milk is also an important activity in the municipality.
"Reform seeks to improve the system as it stands, never to overthrow it."
Parents have the responsibility to monitor their children's viewing of the Internet.
Bubonic plague breaks out in England.
Every column represents a different digit.
Cone cells are less sensitive to light than rod cells.
"Deeper currents depend on water pressure, temperature, and salt content."
New people come every week.
Sleep apnea is a treatable disease.
Sleep apnea is a risk factor of arteriosclerotic disease.
Portals are for organizing quality articles within a particular area of interest.
"Media studies take some ideas from other areas of study, such as humanities and the social sciences."
Some aqueducts also hold boats and ships.
Evaporation occurs from geographic sinks.
Articles have to start somewhere.
People grow rice there.
Tourists visit Kashmir from all over the world irrespective of nationality and religion.
Many rivers start in Kashmir.
Science fiction is different from fantasy.
Science fiction changes over time.
Action is more important than the science or characters.
"Time travel is a popular subject in modern science fiction, in print, movies, and television."
New Wave is science fiction writing with a lot of experimentation.
Writers try new ways of writing and new story ideas.
Rod cells are very sensitive to light.
Monument park is open before the game starts.
Most governments still put seals on important documents.
"Siberian tigers are the largest of all tigers, as well as the largest of all cats."
"Siberian tigers have less orange in their coats, and have less stripes."
"Siberian tigers feed mainly on wild boar, elk and deer, but they also eat lynx and even bears."
Siberian tigers live alone and only come together in mating season.
Successful conservation involves both technological and behavioral measures.
Energy conservation is an important complement to the development of renewable energy sources.
Natural gas is a liquid that makes machines work and heats houses.
"Every unit accepts male and female soldiers, if they qualify for the position."
Lets get back to creating articles.
Cuban music is very lively.
Most forks have three or four tines.
Forks are useful only for eating solid food.
Forks are very common in Western Culture.
Cell walls protect the cells from damage.
Cattle raising is the most important activity in the province.
Static friction is when the friction is strong enough to stop movement between two objects.
Viscosity is how hard it is for the fluid to move or flow.
Most mosques contain a niche in a wall that indicates the qiblah.
"Bovines are herbivores, and they mostly eat grass."
Pitchers use different pitches to try to get the batter out.
Illustrations often have one of two purposes.
Malignant melanoma is a serious type of skin cancer.
"Film music is more popular today, and music from musicals."
Thunder Bay is the only city one.
Some students cheat on a test by copying someone else's answers and writing secret notes.
"Maniacs are very energetic, they have unusual thought patterns."
"Cabbages are usually green, but they can also be red."
Males grow up to  tall and weigh up to .
Females are   tall and weigh up to .
Information is available in English as well as many other languages.
Myelodysplastic syndromes affect the bone marrow stem cells.
"Some saunas are only for men, or only for women."
"Land is  of that area, and water is ."
"Wind blows against the sails, pushing the boat through the water."
Bombs create shockwaves.
People go there to buy sex for money.
"Brothels are legal in some countries from Europe, for example."
Women have less navel lint because of their finer and shorter body hairs.
Older men have it more because of they have more hair and it is thicker.
"Some important crops are sugar cane, cacao and fruits like orange."
Cattle raising is also very important.
User interfaces allow people to operate machines.
All comments are welcome.
All comments are welcome.
Factual errors exist as well as cleanup tags.
Reviewers are reviewers.
Some people like to use ordinary string to hold the reed onto the mouthpiece.
Winter falls on that part of the globe where sunlight strikes least directly.
Summer falls on that part of the globe where sunlight strikes most directly.
All variations focus on diapers and babyhood.
Common sense outrules everything else.
All comments are welcome.
Thoughts are welcome.
Swine flu is common in pigs.
Extraverts are people who get energy from the outside world.
Extraverts like to spend their time with other people.
Introverts are people who get energy from the inside world.
Introverts tend to get energy from thinking and reflecting.
Pole position is the best place to start.
Hormones are chemicals that tell parts of the body to do things.
Obesity is the state of being very overweight.
Boys grow for about six years after puberty starts.
Scientists believe that wet dreams are the body's way of removing too much semen.
"Pubic hair is hair that grows in the pubic region, which is the part of the body where the penis is."
"Pubic hair is shorter, curlier and rougher than hair on the head."
Different men have different amounts of body hair.
Many boys begin shaving when hair starts growing on their faces.
Most people get acne during puberty.
"Boys grow more slowly than girls, but for a longer time."
Girls also experience a growth spurt during puberty.
"Children travel  to the nearest high school, do home school, or attend boarding schools."
Rainbows are also a symbol of gay union.
Arrows indicate redshift.
Most people go on to assume that people in the Middle-East are Arab.
People drink from it during ritual.
Open discussion is the key and moving things off wiki harms that.
Belief is usually a part of belonging to a religion.
"Many times unlocks situations so daring, and catch criminals, almost always by accident."
All times refer to off-peak services.
"Squids have a head-like structure, with sense organs and brains in the front end."
"Scientists think they spend most of their time in deep, cold ocean."
Natural numbers are also whole numbers.
Whole numbers are also integers.
Integers are also rational numbers.
Transcendental numbers are also irrational.
"Some offices are for legislators, the people who make the laws."
"Some offices are for people who enforce laws, for example a president or governor."
"Similar names are 'gadget', 'widget', 'thingamajig', etc."
"Some bus routes go to Brooklyn, Manhattan, or the Bronx."
Ice hockey is one of the most popular sports in the world.
Field hockey is official competition of the Olympic Games.
"All javascript pages are lowercase, and end in .js."
Warlords appear when a state collapses.
"Many warlords are former officers, clan leaders, mafia bosses or gang leaders."
All narwhals have two teeth in their upper jaw.
Narwhals live in the icy waters of the Arctic seas.
Narwhals are migrating animals who like to move from one place to live in another place for a while.
People argue about how much they exist in law.
Oxygen diffuses out of the plant as a waste product of photosynthesis.
Police blame Kurdish rebels.
"Smokers have symptoms such as frequent coughing, chest pain, and breathlessness."
Tough love is sometimes the way.
"People write on what they like to write about, in their own little niches."
Infrared rays are heat rays and ultraviolet rays cause sunburn.
"Levels have a set goal, or number of lines to clear."
Players follow the spoken words of the game unit by choosing the correct number or color.
Some words are similar to the Ukrainian language.
People know what three of the messages say.
Different phases are different because their optical properties are different.
Infants usually die of pneumonia or other infections before reaching four years of age.
Banjos are also very similar.
Marbles are a type of toy.
"Toys are for children, adults, and animals."
Some people also consider video games toys.
Articles pertaining to profanity seem to be inconsistent.
"Unicorns live in places like Europe, Asia and India."
"Some people think that in the horn of a unicorn, there are magical powers."
"Cruise is of Irish, German and English ancestry."
Magazines are a type of periodical.
Zombies appear a lot in horror and fantasy films.
"Most bumblebees live in small groups, which generally last only for a year."
"All bumblebees have a sting, as hive bees do."
Most blades have handles.
"Rats are omnivores, they eat lots of different types of food."
"Rats are large muroid rodents, mice are small ones."
Some people keep rats as a pet.
Female rats are smaller than male rats.
Some rats have no hair.
"Domestic rats are very different from wild rats, however."
"Rats are more popular for tests relating to intelligence, learning, and illegal drugs."
Rats are 'opportunists'.
Rats are present in almost all settlements.
Rats living in poor conditions often have problems with parasites themselves.
Humans use spoons every day.
Some musicians even use two spoons as a musical instrument like a castanet.
Football is the most popular sport in Yemen.
Socotra island is home to one of the best surfing places in the world.
Ears hear sounds.
End organs feel.
Fishes have a sense system which no land animal has.
Most amphibian larvae have a similar system.
Plants use cotyledons to make sugars through photosynthesis.
Most light bulbs fit into a socket.
Pins are usually sharp and are cheap to buy.
Power laps are one lap around the Top Gear Test Track.
More calculations take place.
"Photons do the same thing, but for the electromagnetic force."
Someone writes a hatchet job about a company with a less than stellar reputation.
Some editors declare an interest in a particular topic area.
Students use the facilities for physical education classes and activities outside of classes.
Some people also see foot binding as insulting to women.
Allegic reactions can also happen with waxing.
"Show dogs have very long hair and a lighter color, but field dogs have a lot more differences."
Ideas are the product of mental action.
Examples are mitochondria and plastids.
Sticker photos are a good example.
Ticket barriers are in operation.
Many tourists arrive on cruise ships that sail from Vancouver or Seattle.
Some air carriers provide U.S. mail service.
Phoenix is a very large city.
"Phoenix has an arid climate, with very hot summers and temperate winters."
"Phoenix operates under a council-manager form of government, with a strong city manager."
People gather there.
Modern dancers prefer a more relaxed and free style of dancing.
All students have to live in the dormitory throughout the school years.
"Many companies make futons, and there are many kinds of futons."
"People usually sweat during sleep, so futons absorb sweat and collect moisture."
Sex is an evolutionary puzzle.
All national federations are members.
"Most performances are outside, with tens of players, all in constant motion."
Carnivorous plants grow in soil that has little nitrogen.
Dance is an art.
Some people dance to express their feelings and emotions.
Ballroom dances are forms of modern dance.
"Some people dance as individuals, separately as they please."
Street dance is like that.
Prime numbers are very important in mathematics and computer science.
Many low mountains are around the city.
Kabuki theaters are very unique.
Kabuki makeup helps audiences understand each character's role.
Some snowboarders like to ride over jumps and do tricks.
Some protozoa also make long-term survival spores.
Bacterial spores are extremely resistant.
Many countries have 'libertarian political parties'.
"Most art museums are open for the public to visit, but there are also some which are private."
"Inchworms are a type of caterpillar, and the slow-worm is a legless lizard."
Earthworms have a long body.
Earthworms have five pairs of hearts.
Earthworms live in dark damp soil.
Earthworms live in gardens.
Earthworms live in wet woods.
Earthworms eat soil and rocks.
Earthworms eat roots.
Earthworms eat compost and also dead plants.
All fields are optional.
Damage is unknown.
Carbon dioxide passes from the blood into the alveoli.
"Chemistry is about the elements, their combinations, and their reactions."
"Biology looks at living organisms, their development, and how they interact with each other."
Chemical equilibrium is an idea which describes the behavior of chemical reactions over time.
Packets allow many computers on a  network to communicate more quickly and easily.
Statistics talks about 'statistical errors' and 'residuals'.
Rock music has the same folk tradition as the protest song.
Every skit ends with the bomb and place where they are in exploding.
"Pure capsaicin is a hydrophobic, colorless, odorless, crystalline to waxy compound."
All open platforms have step-free access to the street and each other.
Cognitive psychology is the science which studies cognition.
Low orbits work well for satellites that take pictures of the Earth.
"Heart rate varies between people because of fitness, age and genetics."
Many scientific articles are like that.
Spoiler warnings are inappropriate in an encyclopedia.
Vegetables are a healthful snack.
People eat snacks if they are hungry between meals.
"Snacks are easy to eat and portable, in most cases."
Dialysis machines work by using diffusion and ultrafiltration.
"Infants have the highest normal temperature, which decreases as people age."
Some people are addicted to sedatives.
People lose control over their body.
People are tired after a seizure.
Most trouts are fresh water fish.
Mercer Island is in the south end of the lake.
Deletion rationale no longer applies.
Some ideas are 'arguably' pseudoscientific.
"Farmers select plants with better yield, taste, and nutritional value."
Agricultural policy focuses on the goals and methods of agricultural production.
Anchovies are very delicious fish.
Players get different and better weapons during play.
Many rooms contain aliens.
"Some plants add nitrogen to the soil, some take it out."
Cardiologists are different from cardiac surgeons who do cardiac surgery.
Dementia is more common in older people.
Harmonicas are cheap and easy to play.
Harmonicas produce their musical sounds from the vibrations of reeds in the harmonica's metal case.
"Coffee stimulates the body, and people tend to drink quite a lot of it when they are at work."
Some people worry a lot.
All writing is available by copyleft licensing.
Many Protestant churches have ministers or pastors instead of priests.
Fashion is very unique.
Treatment includes resting in bed and antibiotics.
Some people prefer the terms 'aid in dying' or 'death with dignity' to describe assisted suicide.
People have different ideas about what euthanasia is.
Suicide is when a person kills themselves.
Neurotransmitters act on the receptors.
"Some churches offer it daily, some weekly, some monthly, and some a few times a year."
China gives Chinese patents.
Patents are usually very long.
"People use rake to gather loose things like leaves, hay, and grass."
Black smoke means there is no decision yet.
Junipers grow in the northern hemisphere.
Junipers are evergreen.
Nightmares usually happen during REM sleep.
"Unsourced material is the greated harm, IMO, to an encyclopedia."
Discussion is always good.
Equatorial Guinea is the only country in Africa where Spanish is an official language.
"Relatives do, by definition, carry many of the same genes."
Evolutionary adaptation is a phenomenon of pervasive importance in biology.
"Adaptation is, first of all, a 'process', rather than a physical part of a body."
All adaptations help organisms survive in their ecological niches.
Adaptations tend to reflect the past life of a species.
Many adaptations serve more than one function.
Adaptations are never perfect.
Amomum pods are larger and dark brown.
Any lesser gods are therefore false.
Geologists also study the history of the Earth.
"Some rocks are very common, while others are rare."
Slate is a metamorphic rock that is a useful building material.
Soil covers a lot of the surface of the Earth.
Psychotherapists try to help the person with that.
Several formats exist for email addresses.
Pointer dogs point their muzzle towards game to allow the hunter to locate the animal.
Agriculture frequently suffers the effects of droughts.
Internet is a very unsecurity place for personal information.
All comments are welcome.
Stewards are still able to intervene if there is an unlikely emergency.
Industry is mainly to process farm products.
Malinese people are from the racial groups below.
Many countries have helicopter carriers because they are cheaper than aircraft carriers.
Official language is French.
Lyrics sometimes have to do with their emotions or their opinion of society.
Parking is now free.
Carving is an action in which the rider leans back  and forth.
Some people pay graffiti artists to do graffiti on their buildings.
Scholasticism emphasises the use of dialectic.
"Cells have a bunk bed, a toilet, and a sink."
Prisons are a controversial topic that people have different views about.
Carbonated water is a supersaturated solution of carbon dioxide gas in water.
Lawyers also prepare legal documents their clients.
Lawyers work in different settings.
Some lawyers work for hospitals and private companies.
Bells announce the birth of a baby boy.
Most Mexican people speak Spanish.
Taxicabs too are around the city.
Potoroos live under thick bushes and shrubs.
Potoroos are nocturnal and they spend their days hiding.
Stills get their name from the word di'still'ation.
Distillation is the process of boiling and cooling a liquid to purify it.
Some examples are medicines and perfumes.
New cuisines continue to develop even even today.
Chlorine is very irritating and greenish-yellow gas.
Chlorine is highly reactive.
"Hypochlorites are most reactive, while perchlorates are the least reactive."
Sodium chloride is the most common chlorine ore.
"Fluorine is the most reactive, while iodine is the least reactive."
Hot water makes it disproportionate into hydrobromic acid and hypobromous acid.
Fluorine is a light yellow diatomic gas.
Fluorine is very poisonous.
Fluorine compounds have many uses.
Fluoride ions are in fluorine compounds.
Fluorine is also poisonous.
Fluoride ions are somewhat toxic.
Most iodides are colorless or reddish-yellow and are weak reducing agents.
Potassium iodide is one of the most common iodides.
Iodic acid is the only stable oxidizing halogen acid.
"Iodine pentoxide is a white solid, and iodine pentafluoride is a yellowish liquid."
"Most salt has iodine in it, in the form of iodide or iodate."
Tincture of iodine is a common iodine disinfectant.
Iodides are only toxic in large amounts.
"Voters vote for one candidate, and the candidate with the most votes wins."
Voter turn out is typically the same as with plurality voting.
"Voters often use their first choice vote for a compromise vote, the same as with plurality."
Plot is a literary term.
Conflict is very important in fiction.
Many computer programs use icons on 'buttons'.
People are very merry.
People also burn fossil fuels to heat their homes.
Internet is a very unsecurity place for personal information.
Many people use butter even in their foods instead of oil.
Men fist each other for pain and pleasure.
Someone climbs into the sling either nude or in leather drag.
Lubricant is usually available.
Some people view sysophood as a trophy.
"Many seabirds live 'at sea', that is, far away from land."
Nobody plucks the strings to make music.
Many people come from around the world to visit the Grand Canyon.
People can also take trips floating on the Colorado River in boats and rafts.
Some people like to hike in the Grand Canyon.
Some people also ride mules into the Grand Canyon.
Good behaviour is about being polite and thoughtful to other people.
Basic techniques are simple and effective.
"Students act, play music, and dance in the theatre."
People drink groundwater with water wells.
Gasoline is very dangerous.
Western countries have among the highest usage rates per person.
Brazil has the largest national fuel ethanol industry.
Most tropical cyclones create strong winds and heavy rains.
"Tropical cyclones form when warm, moist ocean air rises."
Most sovereign states are states 'de jure' and 'de facto'.
"Bisexual pornography is separate from threesome pornography, which shows one man and two women."
"Sex acts between a man and a woman, as well as between two men."
Actors are mostly new at porn.
"Some fats come from animals, others come from plants."
Many restaurants also use trans fats for deep-frying food.
Fats are triesters of fatty acids and glycerol.
Olive oil is an especially healthy fat.
Saturated fats are a kind of fat.
Saturated fats are bad for people.
Unsaturated fat is also very important for a healthy brain.
Most foods contain both unsaturated and saturated fats.
Different countries have different ages of consent.
Many areas have different ages for homosexual sex as well as anal sex and other forms of sodomy.
Appropriate action is to leave it alone.
Fishing is important along the Caribbean coast.
Most ducks are aquatic birds.
"Ducks give live birth twice a year and are omnivorous, eating aquatic plants and tiny animals."
Diving ducks dive deep to get their food.
Many ducks are migratory.
Users play games over here and vandals get another chance to be obnoxious.
Most users here are already admins and there's usually at least one around at any time.
English users feel more comfortable writing in their own language and more secure.
Comments are welcome.
Stubs are the starting point of good articles.
Football is by far the most popular sport in Sierra Leone.
Servo tabs are small hinges which move important parts of an aircraft.
Religious wars continue in Europe.
Modern engines use high degrees of compression.
Humans are another species.
"Species is a word for a special kind of living thing, like a crow."
China is an example of a culture that in general has a deep respect for ancestors.
Some estuaries are very large.
Oblate spheroids are a rotationally symmetric.
Oil becomes less viscous as the temperature goes up.
New contributors are always welcome.
Capitals are usually large cities.
"Some countries even claim their capitals as just the country itself, like Monaco."
Some countries change capitals from time to time.
People talk about radio emissions.
Wine comes in different colors.
Most development is from self-help community efforts.
Usual fatigue goes away with rest or sleep.
Climate is different from weather.
Fruits are red to dark purple when mature.
Volcanoes are places where magma reaches the earth's surface.
Antidepressants work to improve the mood.
Spanish Inquisition begins.
Carnivorous plants are plants that eat insects and other small animals.
Carnivorous plants grow in soil that has little nitrogen.
Carnivorous plants get nitrogen from the insects they eat.
Ischemic colitis is the most common form of bowel ischemia.
Some people feel that the end of the opera is weak.
"Subtractive color works best when the surface or paper, is white, or close to it."
"Plant life includes some grass and shrubs, algae, lichen, fungi, and bacteria."
"Whales are the largest animals in the ocean, and in Antarctica."
Penguins only live south of the equator.
Some scientists drill ice cores to find out about the weather long ago.
"Tags are ugly, irrelevant, distracting, and give the project a bad reputation."
Tags degrade the quality of an article further.
Nothing changes instantly.
People are human.
Usefulness covers a scope much broader than notability.
Globular clusters are tight groups of hundreds and thousands of very old stars.
People earn points for flights they travel on.
Today there is an American science base at the South Pole.
"Fawns have a reddish-brown fur, with white spots on their back and sides."
Chromates are generally yellow.
Dichromates are red or orange.
Stainless steel is the most common use.
"Tin is a silver, somewhat soft metal."
Tin has more non-radioactive isotopes than any other element.
China is the biggest maker of tin.
Organotin compounds are more common than almost any other organometal compound.
"Organotin compounds are toxic, though."
Stars get the energy they produce through nuclear fusion of hydrogen into helium.
China makes the most cadmium.
Cigarette smoking is the most important source of cadmium.
"Polonium is highly unstable, radioactive and toxic."
China makes the most bismuth.
Iridium is a metal.
Iridium is the most corrosion resistant metal.
Transition metals have several general properties.
Abdominal obesity is particularly dangerous.
Gastric bypass is the most common weight loss surgery.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
"Algae get protection from ultraviolet light, which in some environments is quite significant."
Some lichens just break up into fragments when they dry.
"Wind carries the pieces, which grow when moisture returns."
"People usually roast joints of meats such as pork, beef, chicken, lamb, and duck."
"Chloroplasts contain the molecule chlorophyll, which absorbs sunlight for photosynthesis."
Chloroplasts are one of the many different types of organelles in the cell.
"Chloroplasts have their own genome, which is much smaller than that of free-living cyanobacteria."
Green plants reflect mostly green and near-green light to viewers rather than absorbing it.
"Snow is full of air spaces, which helps it hold in warmth."
Most oak trees lose all of their leaves in autumn.
Planning policies place residential buildings around expansive urban areas.
Robbers use force or threats to take what they want.
Economy is kinda small for it to have a whole section.
All comments are welcome.
Many issues needs fixing.
"Religious music is also common, such as hymns, choir music and many more."
Catalysts are either of natural or synthetic origin.
Most catalysts work by lowering the 'activation energy' of a reaction.
Inhibitors slow down reactions.
H is hydrogen and O is oxygen.
Chemists often use hydrogen peroxide in chemical reactions.
"Applications are programs that do a specific thing, such as a game or a word processor."
Software is the instructions that the computer follows.
Cattle raising is also an important activity in the municipality.
Some costumes are special to particular countries or areas.
Children enjoy wearing costumes and pretending to be particular people or animals.
Rainfall is different according to the places.
Oil is also a resource in some places.
Cattle raising is the most important activity in the municipality.
Human eye are only about five times sharper than a jumping spider's.
Chemical sensors provide equivalents of taste and smell.
Spiders also have in the joints of their limbs sensors that detect forces and vibrations.
"Many spiders are nocturnal, they are most active during the night."
"Nectar contains amino acids, lipids, vitamins and minerals in addition to sugars."
"Most spiders are predators, they capture prey."
Spiders reproduce sexually and fertilization is internal but indirect.
Players make bets on the outcome of the roll.
People eat parts of grasses.
"Sugar comes from sugar cane, which is also a plant in the grass family."
"People use bamboo to build houses, fences, furniture and other things."
All comments are welcome.
Moah comments await.
Different levels do different activities.
Clubs are available for all students.
Sauces are an essential element in cuisines all over the world.
Emperors live in the coldest climate on earth.
"Emperor penguins spend most of their time in the water, coming to the shore to breed."
"Some important products are rice, coconut, and cacao."
Some people think it to be the biggest famine in history.
Some European countries are also partly in Asia.
Dutch rule ends in Taiwan.
Rye is a now a crop.
Humans tend to use a combination of predicate logic and fuzzy logic.
Predicate logic says calculate the point to be at to catch the ball.
Tribulation means trouble and great suffering.
Sociology is a social science.
Sociology includes many sub-fields that examine different aspects of society.
Many sociologists also do research outside of the university.
Sociologists often use statistics to count and measure patterns in how people act or behave.
Some sociologists combine different research methods.
Tribes often have initiations.
Plinian eruptions have columns of gas and volcanic ash high into the stratosphere.
Funk music emphasizes the rhythm of the music.
Funk music is dance music.
Most syllables only have one tone marking.
Syllables usually form one word in un-hyphenated compound words.
Emotion is a complex psychological phenomenon which occurs as animals or people live their lives.
Some mice are also immune to large amounts of the poison.
Many scientists use the scientific method for their research.
Methodological naturalism is the principle underlying all of modern science.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
Some games use an additional object ball.
Deflection is an undesirable effect from the use of sidespin.
"Farms produce grain, grapes, olives, and vegetables."
"Phonology is part of linguistics, which is the scientific study of language."
Instincts are to do with visible muscular action in response to releasers.
Honeybees communicate by dance the direction of a food source without formal instruction.
Reflex actions are a special case.
Some instinctive behaviors depend on maturational processes to appear.
Bees naturally work to take care of the hive and make honey.
Literary theorists study the use of language in literature.
Discourse analysis is the study of entire conversations or texts.
"Editions russes de musique, n.d."
Wet nurses perform a dance.
Hops provide flavour and preserve the beer.
Different countries have different ways to make beer.
Some places have an average annual precipitation of only .
Rubidium chloride is the most common rubidium compound.
Rubidium compounds makes a red-violet color in a flame.
Most barium compounds are colorless.
Barium compounds are quite heavy.
Gray arsenic is the most common.
Yellow arsenic is unstable and rare.
Black arsenic is similar to red phosphorus.
Arsenic trioxide is a white solid.
Arsenates are salts of arsenic acid.
Some arsenic minerals have a metal and sulfur along with arsenic.
Manganates are weak reducing agents and moderate oxidizing agents.
Potassium permanganate is an example.
Permanganates are the most toxic manganese compounds.
Administrators have the option to block such users.
Brown recluses are very good at survival.
All help is welcome.
People always think notable means more than what it actually is.
Light is easy and heavy is hard.
Nitrides are a large class of compounds with a wide range of properties and applications.
Rainfall decreases from west to east.
"Bosnian cuisine uses many spices, in moderate quantities."
All European languages have plural forms.
Processes often repeat whenever certain conditions hold.
Female bass live longer than males and are much more likely to reach trophy size.
Belgian beers are different.
Wolverines are omnivores.
Wolverines reproduce every two or three years.
Distance is a measure of the space between two things.
Distance is different from displacement.
Soft tennis is different from regulation tennis.
Soft tennis is popular in Japan.
Some teachers teach young children in kindergarten or primary schools.
Most teachers use a variety of methods to teach.
Irish nationalists start bloody rebellion against British occupation.
Most current experts believe Rhodesian Man to be within the group of 'Homo heidelbergensis'.
Elderly people are more likely to develop osteoporosis than younger people.
Some species are toxic.
Goalies normally wear masks that give protection to the entire face and head as well as the neck.
Cattle raising is also very important.
Different religions believe in different deities.
Pantheism is the belief that the universe is the deity.
"Lamps usually work with electricity, using a lightbulb."
Diplomacy is the talk between two or more countries' heads of state.
Diplomacy happens a lot when two or more countries fight.
Some scientists say that a virus is a type of life form.
Males only appear in any number at the close of the season.
"Females then give birth sexually during autumn, laying eggs."
"Many people understand the local language Walloon, some still speak it, and few people write it."
"Nobodies have no emotions, but want to have hearts again."
"Illustrations exist from previous centuries, but the dance is now defunct."
Helicopters are especially useful when there are floods and other disasters.
Many tourists visit.
Smiles usually show happiness.
Football is the world's most popular sport.
Sugarcane is an important crop in the municipality and also cattle raising.
Computers are machines that use binary digital data as information.
Gliders always have seats for the pilots.
Some pilots race each other over hundreds of kilometres each day.
Domestic policy are policies for things happening or being inside a country.
Solar panels make renewable energy.
Pipes run through the box.
Solar shingles are a new type of solar panel that look like ordinary asphalt roof shingles.
Solar shingles are more expensive and less durable than normal solar panels.
Some transsexual women ask for a vaginoplasty when they go from male to female.
Shielding gas protects the weld by being a pocket of gas around the weld.
"Acetylene is a flammable gas that burns very hot, hotter than any other gas."
"Cattle raising is also important, mainly for milk."
Union County is also the smallest county in Florida.
Pneumothorax is a medical emergency.
Closed pneumothorax is when air or gas gets in the pleural space without any outside wound.
Open pneumothorax is when air gets into the pleural space from an injury to the chest.
Most mushrooms have a stem and a cap.
Triple combinations are also possible.
China produces eighteen million tonnes.
Micro blogs are in use in many ways on different websites.
Pwad files contain custom levels.
Simple sentences are easier to understand than complex ones.
People always dress to be ready for rain or wind.
"Somebody has to pay for it, nothing is free."
Cycling is very popular in Denmark because the ground is so flat.
Monarch is a word that means king or queen.
Most people use their pages to introduce themselves and to keep many personal notes and lists.
Paper comes in different sizes.
"Seismology studies the frequency, type and size of earthquakes over a period of time."
Some crops are sugar cane and fruits like orange.
Antidotes are specific to certain poisons.
T is constant which depends on mother wavelet.
Straight pool is a call-pocket game.
Straight pool is different.
Humanitarianism also means basic morality indispensable for human being.
Complexity however is very arbitrary.
Some programs get information out of an XML-document.
Desertification usually happens on the edge of deserts.
Drought affects the area surrounding.
Many cultures have their own customs and rituals to respect the dead.
Humans are no different from any other lifeform.
Many people believe there is some form of afterlife.
Every ethical tradition including the medical view of the body has some ritual surrounding death.
Babies start eating again after one or two days of help.
Some individuals also have black borders along the top edges of the fore wing.
Greener individuals have a whitish vein in the center of the hind wing.
Females have light pinkish markings.
People change during their life.
Discussion is healthy.
Several people come in.
"Most surfaces have a width and a length, but no depth."
People live on the Earth's surface.
Boats move on the surface of the sea.
Stress is a normal part of every living thing's daily life.
Austrian raiders plunder Berlin.
Many fans call it their best because it has many different parts.
Many ions are colourless.
Ionization happens by giving atoms high energy.
"Most pierid butterflies are white, yellow or orange with black spots."
"Some designs also store braking energy in a flywheel, which can also charge a battery."
"Rotifers eat fish waste, dead bacteria, and algae."
Rotifers have a number of unusual features.
Rotifers are specialists at living in habitats where water dries up regularly.
"Some plants only bear leaves and flowers once, then they die."
Most plants lose their leaves in autumn.
Hallucinations are different from dreams.
Hallucinations are also different from illusions.
"Many states have laws restricting public profanity, loud noise in public, and disorderly conduct."
Fungal hyphae are often syncytia.
Many insect eggs develop by nuclear division without cell membranes.
Jobs also require a certain number of friends to receive a promotion.
Vandalism is a very bad problem.
Physical exercise helps people improve their health both physically and mentally.
Rage is the strongest form of anger.
Anger is a normal emotion.
Someone can also get an informal education by reading many books from a library.
Public schools provide a free education through the government.
"Pagans usually focus on spirituality and nature, rather than on doctrines and dogma."
"Voluntary armies tend to be small by numbers, but high in confidence and quality."
"Some soldiers train to be a doctor for the army, or other civilian duties."
"Teams consist of drivers, test drivers, a team principal, mechanics, engineers, and designers."
Headphones come in many different sizes from big to small.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
Parrots are intelligent birds.
Most parrots exhibit little or no sexual dimorphism.
Young caterpillars are black.
Older caterpillars have two different color forms.
Courtship takes place in the afternoon.
"Chimpanzees mainly eat fruit, leaves, flowers, seeds, bark, honey, insects, bird eggs, and meat."
Grooming helps chimps feel comfortable and friendly.
Chimpanzees show their emotions with their faces and sounds.
Tuition is free and is a hot political commitment even at the university.
"Illiteracy is highest amongst the states of the Arab peninsula, and in Africa, around the Sahara."
Summers are cool and winters are mild and rainy.
Smugglers try to trade without paying tariffs.
"All primates are similar to humans in some ways, but language is an important difference."
"Somatic cells are usually diploid, except where there is polyploidy."
"Polyurethane is available with different levels of stiffness, hardness or densities."
Tourism is also a major source of income for Greece.
Temperature has an effect on density.
Water is one such exception.
"Every continent is in the sea, like an island."
Many people believe that it is a money making scam.
People still watch it from on the ground.
Bigger mass causes more curving.
Dependency theory is an economic worldview.
Purple allele is dominant.
Some Xerophytic plants sit out a drought.
Name has umlaut.
Name has no umlaut.
Many people visit the market in the early morning and throw confetti.
Mass numbers are always whole numbers with no units.
Unemployment is a bad thing for society.
"All trials have stars, and they earn stars for meals back at the camp."
"Some crops are sugar cane, cacao, tobacco and citrus fruits like orange."
Parallel structures exist within the Islamic religious group.
Different tissues have different kinds of cells.
Gastrulation varies in different phyla.
"People are resistant to change, even if it's for the better."
Stubs are where many people start editing wikipedia.
Users come and go and wiki projects evolve over time.
Less eyes is always more dangerous than more eyes.
Point works when a user hovers their mouse over a word they are struggling with.
People leave and new one come.
Fitness measures the number of the 'copies' of the genes of an individual in the next generation.
Different poles attract each other.
Magnets have many uses.
Electromagnets are another kind of magnet.
Bats often live in caves.
People go into caves to try and explore more about the world.
Cars usually have four wheels and an internal combustion engine.
Some cars burn diesel or ethanol.
"Game theory studies more than just board games, sports, and games of luck."
Game theory is part of economics.
Most guitars only have six strings.
Spider monkeys have one offspring per year.
"Spider monkeys eat fruit, nuts, leaves, and small vertebrate's eggs."
"Spider monkeys are extremely quick, and they have long, thin fingers with almost no hair at all."
Some students go to the Charles River for rowing.
"People are likely to suffer if their family, friends or allies suffer."
Many people cooperate if and only if others cooperate in return.
Women find altruistic men to be attractive partners.
All fields are 'mandatory'.
Some people call carousels by different names.
People believe the soup is also good for pregnant women.
Atomic clocks are currently the most exact clocks of the world.
Korean names have two parts.
Unfavorable nicknames are more common than favorable ones.
"Many people study English as a foreign language, because they want a better job."
Many people study English in a country where the people speak English.
Every exam is a little different.
Oman has a hot climate and very little rainfall.
Many international organizations are in Switzerland.
Tourism is important in Switzerland.
People make soups by boiling things in water.
Vegetables are in most soups.
Christians are small in number in the city.
Many gold fish have fancy tails.
Oxygen moves from the water to the blood as the water flows over the gills.
Blood travels across the body through the network of blood vessels.
Curved features are important in traditional hanbok design.
Community voting no longer happens.
"Some theorems are trivial, they directly follow from the propositions."
People use a textbook to learn facts and methods about a certain subject.
Textbooks sometimes have questions to test the knowledge and understanding of the learner.
Some sets are very important to mathematics.
Encyclopedias are a great source of knowledge.
Many dictionaries have different sorts of information to encyclopedias.
"Hardcore bands use electric guitars, electric bass guitar, drums, and a singer."
"Underground trains come in two sizes, larger sub-surface trains and smaller tube trains."
Some roots go very deep into the ground.
Roots are also very strong.
Roots grow through the whole life of the plant.
Some trees have roots that are above the ground 'and' underground.
Most protists are very small.
Many protists are part of the plankton and are very important for the ecosystem.
"Artificial satellites are smaller, unmanned spacecraft."
Many members also live in the diaspora.
Somebody just needs to grab some of it and bring it here.
"Cuboids have six faces, which form a convex polyhedron."
Kelp plays an important role as food and habitat for fish and other forms.
Most species have venomous appendages on their sides.
China has more kinds of tofu than Japan and various tofu foods.
Calorie is relatively low.
Dietary fiber is a little for process.
Africanized honeybees are much more protective of their beehive and more likely to sting.
"Humans go even further still, with the long period of learning before their young are independent."
Live birth is a comparatively recent adaptation.
Mammals give birth to live young because the development takes place internally.
Highways are scarce and present mainly in the east.
People also prepare salads in it.
Chili dogs are also popular in the Southwestern United States.
Circuses usually travel about to different parts of the country or to different countries.
Some people do acrobatics and gymnastics.
Most workers live at the place where they work.
Bandleaders often perform in their groups as well.
Myriapods breathe through spiracles that connect to a tracheal system similar to that of insects.
"Pill millipedes are much shorter, and are capable of rolling up into a ball, like pillbugs."
Agriculture is an important part of the economy in Kyrgyzstan.
All seafood is halal.
Males have fewer white spots than females.
"Many persons live in the large plains of China and India, for example."
"Cold air becomes thicker and falls, and warm air becomes thinner and goes up."
People change the earth in many ways.
Kelp grows mostly in shallow marine waters.
Dinoflagellates secrete a compound that turns the flesh of fish into slime.
"Corals are dependent on light, because the algae are important partners, and they require light."
"Players also have to write neatly, and avoid using of uncommon nicknames."
Kelp forests draw their name from an analogy to forests on land.
Humans are no exception.
Suggestions are welcome.
Main page is very visible but also fairly stale.
"Some references just give a URL, or website address."
Squirrel monkeys are small enough to go on the smallest branches to get food.
Planned communities have a transportation system for commuters.
"Pinecone fishes are popular in aquariums, but are expensive and a challenge for the hobbyist."
Pinecone fishes are nocturnal.
"Cloning is natural to some animals, but rare in mammals."
"Many swans live in colder places, such as northern Europe, Asia and North America."
Most swans are white.
Some scientists think it is more like a duck or a goose.
State governments work very much like the federal government.
Representatives serve two-year terms.
Senators serve six-year terms.
Most people live in the southern parts of Canada.
"Most masjids have at least one dome, and some have one or more towers."
Many families also invite guests for dinner and for lunch.
Many everyday foods have a hechsher.
Names are very important in Judaism.
Catholics normally believe in the importance of works and sacraments in getting salvation.
Most vertebrates have ovaries.
Axes are simple machines.
Rhinoceroses have a large horn on the nose.
Loss of habitat is also a danger to rhinos.
Football is the most popular sport in Germany.
Eukaryotic cells are usually much bigger than prokaryotes.
"Eukaryotes have a nucleus, and a more complex cell structure."
Bacteria just appear as dark dots.
Orioles are very famous for building amazingly long bags that hang far below the branch.
Many birds nest right on the ground.
Flamingos make their mounds completely out of mud.
Terrorists use car bombs more than any other organization.
Multicellular organisms have a set of cells that specialize in reproduction.
Some people have rabbits as pets.
Rabbits are of a different biological classification than hares.
Basic changes are simple.
"Authorities differ in what they consider a phylum, and in the actual name of the phylum."
"Crickets are omnivores, which means they eat both plants and animals."
"Crickets move at night, so they are dark."
"Scorpions are an independent species, only relying on their mother until they reach maturity."
"Most biologists support the idea of evolution, by means of natural selection."
Liverworts have a gametophyte-dominant life cycle.
Traffic contributes to seed dispersal.
"Some seeds are very small and light, almost like dust."
Poppy seeds are inside a little capsule that has little openings around the top.
Palm trees use water to disperse their coconuts.
Many nut trees grow near places that flood quite often.
"Tourists come from western European countries, mainly from Italy."
Jays are some of the more smart birds.
Diurnal animals do it the other way around.
Some specific techniques are more common in digging than in passing.
Scyphozoans have an internal jelly-like material.
Scyphozoans move through the water by contracting and relaxing the muscles of their umbrella.
"Some species live singly, others live in colonies."
Wisdom literature is about sayings of wisdom that teach about divinity and wisdom.
Most salons only allow entry to Japanese people and forbid entry to strangers.
Adoption is different to foster care.
Most species are nocturnal.
Hibernation is where the name dormouse comes from.
Homer struggles with two jobs to cover the cost of  and feeding the pony.
Plastids are one of the many different types of organelles in the cell.
Good content work apart from anti vandalism etc.
Civil war is much more common in a dictatorship than in a democracy.
Cooking also kills parasites and food poisoning bacteria.
Endemics can easily become endangered or extinct because of only living in a small area.
Vesicles form naturally because of the properties of lipid membranes.
Many people sleep for a short time in the early afternoon for a quick rest.
Deep sleep is necessary for growth and healing.
Cannibalism sometimes happens when the animal is coming out of hibernation.
Bottom right is a picture of a wheel.
Wooden spoon is also a  term for last place in a sporting contest.
Issues are the most important part of the game.
Ferrous compounds are weak reducing agents.
Iron is present in meat.
Steel is the most common form of iron.
Steels come in several forms.
Mild steel is steel with a low percentage of carbon.
Carbon steel is harder but more brittle.
Botanists usually use the word 'division' instead of 'phylum'.
Freedom of information is the ability to access the Web without censorship or restrictions.
Plastics are insulators.
"Ticks are blood-sucking ectoparasites, mostly of mammals and birds."
Database systems use a 'network model' to store their data in a graph.
Instant coffee is a powder which is mixed with hot water to make coffee.
Flash memory is much slower than RAM or hard drives.
French army uses grenadiers.
Memory chips have thousands or millions of identical cells.
People look to encyclopedias to find 'information about a topic'.
Portals are very bad idea.
"Some people like to eat sausages, burgers, hotdogs or fishsticks with ketchup."
Ketchup tastes very unlike the real tomato.
Users tear the side or top of the packet.
Normal parasites use vectors as their main means of getting to other hosts.
Winners get to mate with females.
Some students are very smart.
Schools provide special education services to special students.
"Most types have weak symptoms, such as breathing problems, similar to the common cold."
"Some fractals exist only for artistic reasons, but others are very useful."
People pasteurize food to kill any harmful microbes.
Pasteurization causes some irreversible and some temporary denaturization of the proteins in milk.
Airlines agree to sell each other's tickets on some routes.
"Tardigrades have a cylindrical shape with four segments, each with two legs."
Tardigrades feed on plant cells by penetrating the cell wall and eating what is inside.
Some tardigrades are carnivores.
Bonds have a maturity date.
Strong ropes make climbing possible and special tools attach ropes to cave walls.
"Caves are also very cold, so most spelunkers wear heavy clothing for warmth."
Spelunkers choose different knots for different purposes.
Some knots work well to hold people as they climb.
Geologists explore caves for the purpose of learning about the formation of rocks.
Most caves remain at the same temperature year round.
Thousands die or lose their houses.
Banquets are the setting for important parts of the story.
"Most chitons are 'nocturnal', so they feed at night, and hide under rocks during the day."
"Museums often organize special exhibitions, such as paintings by a famous painter."
Trenches are active with earthquakes and resulting tsunamis.
Many people consider it lovely.
Tornadoes are especially dangerous to people in cars or mobile homes.
Hard disks use different interfaces and ports.
Toxic wastes are usually liquid chemicals.
Some philosophers have hope to find more things that moralities share.
Many philosophers think that doing anything or making any choice is a part of ethics.
Ethics is part of other fields of study in many ways.
Ethics is part of the study of religion.
Money is a big part of most people's lives.
Politicians try to create laws that help everyone do what is right.
Workers have to make money and follow laws.
Tourism is also a related acivity.
"Females have a blue crown and white throat, breast and belly."
Females have a rufous breast and belly.
"Many groups choose to give out free gifts, such as lollies and stickers."
Scientists believe that dugongs move long distances for several reasons.
"Many comic books are about superheroes, but many others are about other things."
Many contractions are reductions between a subject and a verb.
Linguistic reductions are part of natural English.
Word stress is a weaker stress on a word.
Function words are words that signify grammatical relations.
Content words tend to carry more information.
Function words are often unstressed.
Whistles are very old instruments.
Flutes are good for playing music which has a large range of notes.
Flutes are also better for playing music which needs many chromatic notes.
Many elementary schools use plastic recorders to teach music to children.
Many people enjoy playing in large groups.
Some people play in recorder orchestras.
Catholic missionaries arrive in the African kingdom of Kongo.
Ozone is a gas that is helpful and takes in harmful rays from the sun.
Air pollution is a problem everywhere in the world.
"Most partridges are brown, gray and white."
"Partridges live in Europe, Asia, Africa and the Middle East."
Buses travel from the bus station to many places in Worcestershire and the West Midlands.
"Body temperature drops even more, but the person usually stops shivering."
"Rapids are where the river bed is rocky, and the river runs fast over and around the rocks."
Most grebes are a medium or large size.
Some grebes find it difficult to walk on land because their feet are so big.
Grebes have narrow wings.
Some grebes find it difficult to fly.
Some grebes do a mating ritual.
"Grebes only migrate if they live in North America, Europe or Asia."
Mangroves live right in the water.
"Grebes dance every time the pair meets, and the dance varies according to the circumstance."
Most dances end in a bout of head-shaking.
Swifts are small birds.
Swifts make their nests in a corner between two walls.
"Ricotta is soft, grainy and white."
Deforestation is the removal of trees for requirements of growing population.
Trees are also important for storing carbon.
Divers also use snorkeling equipment.
Colleges often give honorary doctorates to famous people who speak there.
"Capillaries are small, and smaller than any other blood vessels."
Sponges have no nervous system.
Most sponges reproduce sexually.
Red links are 'very' helpful.
Sparrows often make their nests near houses or buildings.
Sparrows are small birds.
Most sparrows eat seeds or small insects.
Females are smaller than males.
Couches come in many kinds of colors such as red.
Some people like to add things to their porridge such as sugar or syrup.
Gruel is similar to porridge but is much more like a drink.
Pilgrims appear announcing a miracle.
Night writing uses two columns of six dots.
More differences are in Chinese braille.
Fire ants are very aggressive.
People often get many bites.
Some people are allergic to fire ants.
"Decision makers know all the consequences, and case take the best pick."
Humans have only limited capabilities to reach a decision.
Polish fight comes to an end.
"Japan announces the capture of Nanning, the Chinese capital at the time."
Acids turn blue litmus paper red and alkalis turn red litmus paper blue.
"Humans dump trash in lots of places, like the ocean."
Raw sewage is all the liquid and solid wastes that go down toilets and drains.
"Every stream leads to a river, and every river leads to an ocean."
Countries promise each other to clean up the ocean and save the ocean's resources.
Hats are different in different parts of the world.
Most countries have their own stamps.
Good players castle in most of their games.
Arachnids have no antennae or wings.
"Arthropods are a      source of food for many animals, including humans."
People sometimes hold a fresh buttercup flower under the chin of a friend or family member.
Buttercups are often poisonous.
Content creation is nothing.
Farces use slapstick and physical humour to be funny.
Castratos are men without testicles.
"Epicureanism is a form of hedonism, because it declares that pleasure is the only good there is."
Aerospace engineers design space vehicles or airplanes.
Biomedical engineers design and work with medical equipment.
Chemical engineers use chemicals to make products like drugs and medicines or fertilizers for crops.
"Civil engineers work on roads, bridges, buildings and other public structures."
Environmental engineers design and implement solutions to remediate and restore the environment.
Nuclear engineers design and build nuclear plants.
Software engineers design and write programs for computers.
Lead is too short.
Operands are typically memory or registry addresses.
"Viruses are near the same to living organisms, however there are differences."
Teleosts have a movable jaw and changes in the jaw muscles.
Inorganic chemistry is the chemistry of elements other than carbon.
"Examples are hydrogen peroxide, hypochlorite, nitric oxide and nitrogen dioxide."
"Warning colours tend to be some combination of red, yellow, black and white."
Tests show that warning colours definitely do deter predators.
"Animals can, and do, show bright colours which have other functions."
Protectionism is no longer popular now.
Weapons are usually legal.
Probes use radio waves to send information back to Earth or sometimes to a manned spacecraft.
"Strawberries are technically aggregate fruits, containing more than one fruit."
"Numbers are approximate, and changing."
Tundra is a biome.
Comments are also welcome.
"Article has quite a bit of text, and some references."
Somebody needs to review the and stop looking at the lead.
"True colors seem to be shining through, once again."
Life insurance has different types of policies.
"Mannerist paintings are often full of figures that seem to be twisting, writhing or fighting."
Cobalt is more sensitive to sulfur than iron.
Many demigods use celestial bronze weapons.
"Right whales are similar to bowhead whales, but smaller."
Nosebleeds are more frequent during the winter months.
Goldsmiths traditionally teach their trade to apprentices.
Exodus means 'going out' in Latin.
Females eat bigger birds like thrushes and starlings.
More young males die than young females.
Mispronunciation is one of the most common causes of misspelling.
Same templates create their own fake thumbnail frames.
Animals are 'awake' for some hours each day or night.
Many toxic liquids are also volatile and their vapors are poison gas.
Examples are hydrogen fluoride and chlorine trifluoride.
"Nerve agents are poisonous liquids, that easily evaporate."
"E major has four sharps, which is harder for new learners to play."
Many people think it is a  and  key.
E major is hard for wind instruments to play.
Most composers prefer to use the enharmonic equivalent D-flat major because it has just five flats.
Waves are everywhere in the natural world.
Throat singing is a very old art.
Throat singers imitate the sounds of nature.
Some places have laws that make it illegal to use hate speech.
Quake is a shareware game.
"Grasshoppers prefer to eat grasses, leaves and cereal crops, but many grasshoppers are omnivorous."
"Many grasshoppers eat from several host plants in one day, while others stay on one host plant."
Grasshoppers make good food for some.
Olive oil is popular in Mediterranean countries.
"Film is the 'more international' word, definitely."
People manadge to know what the meaning of film is there.
"Film is a global word, movie, mostly american, i.e. far fewer using it."
Phobia is different than just being scared of something.
Fear is a normal human emotion.
Women suffer from phobias about twice as often as men.
Every child is afraid of something.
Intensity depends on the degree of fear.
Psychological symptoms are symptoms that take place within a human.
Many temples have beautiful gardens of hydrangeas.
Armies also use smoke grenades to hide soldiers from the enemy.
Baguettes are common in Europe.
Baguettes usually have a hard crust on the outside but soft white bread on the inside.
Several reviewers underline the novel's ironic and satirical aspect.
Strength training is primarily an anaerobic activity.
Weight training has many similarities with other kinds of strength training.
"Rest has no different meaning for weight training, but it is very important."
"Weight training has similarity to bodybuilding, but they have different objectives."
Most people mean isotonic weight training when they talk about weight training.
Compound exercises are more natural.
Different bands play folk metal music in different ways.
Antigens are always 'foreign' and trigger an attack.
"Main concern is it's a little too short, and there are a lot of problems with the references."
Additional comments are at the article's talk page.
People seem to stop voting.
Comments are welcome.
Some scholars question the existence of the first nine emperors.
Some scholars question the existence of the first nine emperors.
Some scholars question the existence of the first nine emperors.
Some scholars question the existence of the first nine emperors.
Deletion is a form of editing.
Some actors are happy to remain typecast.
"Dachshunds are playful, fun dogs."
Clocks control the timing of chess games.
Software is available which permits chess authors to compose text with diagrams and figurines.
"Chess problems have a history as long as the game itself, and their own terminology."
"Players move when the master arrives at their board, master replies and moves on."
Daoist priests do many other things.
Poverty is a hurdle in the way of a country's progress.
People catch measles from other people.
"Prefectures are the governmental bodies of Japan which are larger than cities, towns, and villages."
"Examples are image, document, or speech recognition, and information retrieval."
Many governments have laws relating to sex.
Sexual intercourse is the natural and most common way to make a baby.
Nationalists think that the world is better with lots of cultural diversity.
Imperialism tries to make big nations that have many ethnic groups.
Nationalists think that such hierarchy is bad.
Many people die every year due to drought.
Movie theatres have comfortable chairs.
Seaweeds occupy a wide range of ecological niches.
Digital joysticks are easy for programmers to access.
Interrupts use the main CPU of the system.
"Some game shows involve word games, and others involve tests of skill or general knowledge."
Some game shows have regular people as the contestants.
"Octopods inhabit many regions of the ocean, especially coral reefs."
Octopods make up over one-third of the total number of living cephalopods.
"Octopods are highly intelligent, probably more so than any other invertebrate."
Octopuses often break out of their aquaria and sometimes into others in search of food.
"Octopods are active and intelligent predators, with good eyesight and brains."
Octopods have a variety of defences.
Males die within a few months of mating.
Some species live for as little as six months.
Dances take place to celebrate the victory.
Sex is a method of reproduction which is widespread among living things.
Many reptiles have temperature-dependent sex determination.
Many fish change sex over the course of their life.
Ripuarian languages are part of the west middle continental Germanic language group.
English estimations are in some cases very approximate.
City buses complement the public transportation system.
Air traffic is the busiest of all Brazil.
Auto racing is a staple of the paulista's way of life.
Innovations is two buildings full of games and shows that use new inventions for making life easier.
Most languages have one main linking verb.
Epsilons have minor superhuman powers and major physical flaws.
Most mutant powers take effect at puberty.
Some dew drops on a leaf.
Most people agree that the water in the dew comes from the atmosphere.
Transpositions arrive at the same position from different move orders.
Bodybuilders train their body and then they pose when the competition starts.
Some countries use colonialism to get more land for their people to live in.
Many gyms offer a wide variety of aerobic classes for participants to take.
Tablature is a way of reading notes for a guitar.
Exhibitionists often appear nude in public to attract attention.
Protesters also appear naked in public at times.
"Nudism promotes public nudity in a group, but in special locations."
"More complex systems look at images, layout and so on."
Different openings produce different pawn structures.
Rapid development is the benefit of the old-style gambits.
Manufacturing is a big part of the local economy.
Sets are collections of objects.
Paraneoplastic syndromes occur in some patients.
People suffering from the disease produce a smaller amount of red and white blood cells.
Fanconi syndrome is a disorder affecting the kidneys.
Silesian duchies accept suzerainty of Holy Roman Empire.
Many roads come from Gettysburg.
"Trumpets play an important part in Jazz music, and other various popular genres."
Ships bring many products to Israel from the Far East and other places here.
Cobalt is a transition metal.
Cobalt is too reactive to occur pure in the earth.
"Histones act as spools around which DNA winds, and play a role in gene regulation."
Histones act as spools around which DNA winds.
Histones undergo changes which alter their interaction with DNA and nuclear proteins.
Water molecules join in and make the cleavage in a fraction of a second.
Stainless steel contains nickel.
Grains give carbohydrates and some vitamins and minerals.
"Meat have protein, some fat, and B vitamins."
Some people also call it the 'trunk'.
Coyotes live only in North America and some areas of Central America.
Coyotes live in dens.
Children usually recover completely after a two weeks.
Teams take turns choosing players.
Most rodents are small.
Rattlesnakes sometimes hibernate in caves during cool weather.
"Star fruit is common in the south of Asia, Australia and all of the islands around Australia."
"Major pests are fruit flies, ants, and birds."
Solids clump together to form the cud or bolus.
Digestion takes place here.
Many organisations are active in cultural and social issues.
Quasars are very bright objects with a very high redshift.
Radiation therapy works together with chemotheraphy.
Many animals ejaculate when they reproduce sexually.
Ejaculation can also happen without control when a man is sleeping.
Scientists now think that women can also ejaculate when they have an orgasm.
Ejaculation takes place in two stages.
Some men are able to have an orgasm without ejaculating.
Men ejaculate different amounts of semen.
Older men produce less semen.
Most boys go through puberty in their teens.
Scientists believe that wet dreams are the body's way of removing too much semen.
Safety regulations are in place to protect the health of the consumer.
"Humans also have features with a much older history, from early in the life of vertebrates."
Ecology is the study of ecosystems.
Internationalization is about nations working together for the same goals.
Some students live on campus in the dorms.
Folk song is part of folk music.
Folk music is music for everybody to play and listen to.
"Some species are single cells, some are multicellular."
"Strategies also play a key role, and the combination makes it attractive to many."
Arsonists usually use gasoline or kerosene to start a fire.
Elections are usually by thirds.
Billabongs appear often in Australian literature.
Cougars are carnivores because they eat only meat.
Cougars stalk their prey.
Female cougars take care of their babies until they are old enough to fend for themselves.
Cougars live in the mountains and forests far from people.
"Nemertean worms are long, thin, animals without segments."
Tanks have the heaviest armour of all land vehicles.
Many species have a pair of short projections at the rear end.
Many species reproduce entirely by parthenogenesis.
Most organs have a lot of wooden pipes.
Most organs have at least two.
Prevention makes an explosion impossible to occur.
Agaves grow mainly in Mexico.
All animals have some kind of sex organs.
Poodles are also popular because they come in many different colors and sizes.
Storyline missions are for progress.
Players can also take part in many events they come across as they explore the world.
"Some examples are public hangings, ambushes, cries for help, and animal attacks."
Winters are quite mild.
Most Wanted articles do traditionally take a while before creation.
Vandalism is any disruptive edit.
"Many diseases are preventable through simple, non-medical methods."
Public health has roots in antiquity.
Epidemiologists also study the interaction of diseases in a population.
Epidemiologists use informatics as a tool.
Capital goods are goods which are necessary for producing other goods.
"Factors of production are work, ground, capital, information, and environment."
All people have to decide between their options.
People react to incentives.
Markets are usually good for the organisation of economic life.
Some maps show differences of temperature.
Pepper spray is an inflammatory agent.
Fire wall is a spell that creates a circle of flame that damages the enemies if they go near it.
Humans are somewhat different.
"Lynxes have short tails, and usually some hair on the ears."
Many people think that wind turbines create a lot of noise and look ugly.
Twain is a long-time vegetarian.
Several factors make disputes more serious.
"Disputes arise when there are conflicting needs, values or ideas."
All legal systems have provisions for making decisions in disputes.
Democracy is one way of easing conflict within a country.
Nuclear fuels are the most dense sources of energy available.
Dietitians help promote good health through proper eating.
Doctors induce erection or stretch the flaccid penis as far as possible.
Many men exaggerate the importance of deep vaginal penetration in stimulating a woman to orgasm.
"Chickpeas contain zinc, protein and folic acid."
Some presidents have mixed ratings.
Element contains only one kind of atom.
Elements are the basic building blocks for all types of substances.
"Computer memory uses electricity to store the data, hard disks use magnetism."
Most RAID levels increase the redundancy.
RAID works by spreading the data over several disks.
Many people note it by writing the numbers together.
Many drives fail because of mechanical problems.
Medical professionals accept the term of non-penetrative sex.
"Virology identifies viruses in specimens of blood, urine, and cerebrospinal fluid."
Most ant species make homes where they always live.
Most male members take turns to speak each week.
Most people live in areas around the coast of the Mediterranean Sea and along the Nile River.
Many famous people are from Egypt.
Animals have much better noses than people.
All parameters are optional.
Some users like to use flag icons instead of country names.
Embryonal rhabdomyosarcoma is the cellular subtype in slightly more than half of patients.
Designers are people who make things.
Size is 'transitive'.
Arachnids have eight legs.
Large scorpions live in tropical forests.
Pill bugs look like gray pills.
Pill bugs have flat bodies.
Pill bugs have two sets of antennae.
Most acacias make toxins that it rushes to leaves that are under attack by browsers.
"Most browsers seem to avoid infested bushes, perhaps because the ants stink of formic acid."
Administrators control every aspect of the site and have the final say in editorial authority.
Caracals are the fastest of the small cats.
Caracals live in Africa and West Asia.
Eels have fewer fins than other fish.
Eels hatch from eggs.
Most eels prefer to live in the shallowest parts of the ocean.
Most eels are predators.
Some people eat the European eel and other eels that live in lakes all around the world.
Lemurs are white and black with a ring tail.
"Lemurs mostly eat fruit, leaves, and other plant parts."
Females are dominant and remain in the same troop for life.
Males move between troops.
Lemurs spend most of their time in the trees.
Lemurs communicate with a variety of hoots.
"Many animals have it, too."
Honeybees have right antennas that are more sensitive to smells.
Computers are electrical machines that run programs.
Cockatoo Island is open daily and there is no cost to visit.
Babysitters are often teenagers and are often female.
Some people get OBEs during too much marathon running or mountain climbing.
Dance is also a type of nonverbal communication.
Paralanguage is the study of nonverbal cues of the voice.
Fashion is a reflection of the time and place.
Fashion is a nonverbal statement.
Touch is classic nonverbal communication.
Animals eat a lot and take up a lot of resources.
Many states now accept schools of acupuncture.
Chile now owns it.
Results are in.
"Dung beetles live in many different habitats, including desert, farmland, forest, and grasslands."
People usually feel a sharp stinging pain when the needle enters their skin.
Recent research suggests they manufacture their own chemical defense substances.
"Many stick insects are easy to care for, and make good pets."
Pearls are small and often white but sometimes in pale colors or even black.
Computer vision is the opposite of computer graphics.
"Computer graphics makes new pictures from an idea, but computer vision makes an idea from pictures."
Registration is free.
Many people there raise cattle and sheep.
Hurricanes also happen every year and sometimes destroy many things.
"All thermodynamic systems have two kinds of properties, extensive, and intensive."
Scientists use thermodynamics  for many reasons.
Mouse deer live in Asia.
Mouse deer are extremely nervous.
Crab spiders are hunters and ambushers.
"Some species sit on or among flowers, bark, fruit or leaves where they grab visiting insects."
Crab spiders live in rainforests all over the world.
Many towns also have fireworks shows or other noisy ways to start the new year.
Some pages make many calls to the flag templates.
Homer starts driving a carpool for the school kids.
Most emergencies are quite unspectacular.
Boxers are good guard dogs.
"Boxers love to chase, run, play tag and get any form of attention whenever possible."
Addictive personality is difficult to treat.
All remedies are effective for six months from today.
"Twigs are very important in telling apart trees, shrubs and vines, especially in wintertime."
Helmets are obligatory for all stages.
Tree rings are more visible in places where the seasons change between hot and cold.
Nothing beside remains.
Blocky lava is so thick and slow that it barely moves along the ground.
Blocky lava makes  piles of sharp chunks.
Professional sports are an important part of life in Boston.
"Development is usually direct, though there are larvae in some species."
Most researchers tend to frown on tactical voting.
Full protection stops users from changing pages unless they are administrators.
Wildlife conservation aims to halt the loss of species.
Symptoms start many hours to many days after eating.
Sailing is also a competitive sport.
Members also receive a percent of the company's earnings each year.
Production occurs from an initiative of the owners.
Geysers are often near active volcanos.
Geysers are usually near volcanic areas.
Some water flows or splashes out.
Market capitalization shows the public opinion of a company's value.
Market capitalization represents the public opinion of the value of a company's equity.
Market capitalization is the share price times by the number of shares in issue.
Market cap reflects only the 'equity' value of a company.
Clutter is too many things in the house.
People report taking weeks to de-clutter.
People sometimes sell old things at consignment shops.
Some people have yard or garage sales.
Germs are tiny bugs which make people sick.
People wash dishes right after meals to make cleaning easier and the kitchen cleaner.
People read the directions to make sure they know how to safely use the cleaner.
"Some cleaners are very dangerous because they contain acid, bleach, or something else harmful."
People never wear contact lenses or eat or drink or smoke while using dangerous cleaners.
People take care of the outdoors.
People use the weakest cleaner that works.
People use the mild cleaners for safety.
"Some people use leftover vinegar, salt, baking soda, and olive oil to clean with."
Some people wear dust masks while vacuuming dusty rooms.
Surfactants make water able to get things wet faster.
Disinfectants kill germs like fungus and mold.
Soap is a kind of cleaner.
Some cleaners are so alkaline or acidic they are more dangerous than others.
Some cleaners are liquid.
People do general cleaning before reading about shabby things like a pen mark or coffee stain.
Many people rent machines like carpet cleaners.
Sequence dancing in general is much older than modern ballroom dances.
Sequence dancing is a competitive sport as well as a social pastime.
Some expressions have more than one name.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
Some countries have very strict rules.
Direct address leads to simpler sentences.
Children are just one special target group which are esp.
Policy is about making it clear.
Many countries have individual flag templates.
Country data German Democratic Republic is a redirect alias.
Torres also participates in kickboxing.
"Bread rolls are common in Europe, mostly in Germany and Austria."
"Performers often adapt their appearance, such as with costumes and stage makeup, etc."
Some martial arts have dance-like moves.
Veils are a kind of non-verbal communication.
"Habitats range from coastal mangroves, swamps, heath, grasslands and blue gum forests."
French Island provides the world's most dense and disease free group of koalas.
Businesses employ and pay people to work.
People lose their work.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
Category applies to wordless communication between humans.
Golden shares are special stock shares that allow the government to control a company.
All aristocracies are also oligarchies.
Macrophages are responsible for protecting tissues from foreign substances.
Cytokines are small molecules which carry local messages between cells.
Monocytes are also capable of killing infected host cells using antibodies.
"All persons are free from torture, cruel, inhuman treatment or punishment and scientific test."
Theatre is for native English speakers.
Disambiguation is a action.
Any user can nom articles for deletion as long as the nom is in good faith.
"Rollbacks do, though."
Disclaimer applies here too.
All restrictions run concurrently.
People make mistakes - forgiveness is a good thing.
Imperialist countries take control of other countries.
Imperialist policies are expansive.
Most race tracks are a closed loop.
Some tracks are 'open'.
Some race track are in the general form of a circle or oval.
Catholics say that good deeds are necessary as well.
Fingerspelling is a way to show any letter of the English alphabet using one hand.
Sign languages are an important way for deaf people to communicate.
Sign languages are real languages.
Fingerspelling is a tool.
"People use it to spell names, acronyms and other words from spoken languages."
Few people use it now.
Linguists use it for research on sign languages.
Sign language is the most important part of deaf culture.
Some people lose their hearing later in life.
Some deaf children learn to speak and lip-read a spoken language.
Legal threats are very serious.
People use latex gloves during Earth day to clean up.
"Creative directors are responsible for the design, vision, and theme of a show."
All veins carry blood to the heart.
Most veins have one-way valves that keep blood from going backwards.
Veins carry blood to the heart and enter the heart through the vena cava.
Reduction is the opposite of oxidation.
Average word has two syllables.
Average word has more than two syllables.
Potassium chloride is toxic in very large amounts.
Sodium bromide is a white solid.
"Sodium bromide is only toxic in large amounts, like sodium chloride."
Bromides are normally colorless and nontoxic.
"Chromates are generally bright yellow, while dichromates are generally orange or red."
Potassium chromate is very toxic.
Permanganates are purple-black.
Zinc chloride irritates skin and the respiratory tract.
Most batteries have a paste electrolyte.
Car batteries have a liquid electrolyte.
Most variety is in the rainforest areas.
Hydrochloric acid makes milder burns.
"Mortars have smooth, rounded bottoms and wide mouths."
Reference is simple enough.
Source has many meanings.
Calcium compounds are colorless.
"Icon shows up near the top, just above the image, because  is at the top of the article."
Hypochlorites react with acids to produce chlorine.
Chlorates are salts of chloric acid.
Most members live and work in the United States.
Acetates smell like acetic acid.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Active teams are in 'bold'.
Catholics also celebrate saint's days.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
Some issues also have horoscope listings.
Stable atoms have lower energy than unstable ones.
"Silky sharks are normally dark grey with a shade of bronze, but are sometimes a golden-brown colour."
Silky sharks are important to longline and gillnet fisheries in many parts of the world.
Phoronids are normally very thin.
Fertilisation is probably internal.
Phoronids follow one of two types of reproductive strategy.
Phoronids are suspension-feeders.
Multicellular organisms use more complex methods.
Higher plants eliminate gases through the stomata on the surface of leaves.
Animals have special excretory organs.
"Cilia work to clear the small passages, and coughing removes phlegm."
Broadcasters spend a large amount of money to televise the races.
Most albums have different estimates of sales.
"All species are benthic, and either deposit feeders or suspension feeders."
"Telecom is capable of good faith changes, however, and a review in a few months seems good."
Common sense applies here folks.
Common sense is the best here.
Cockatoos are a kind of parrot.
Organic chemistry is basically the study of carbon compounds.
Archbishops have an 'archdiocese'.
Most mammals have foreskin.
Many older people have muscular atrophy.
Ferric ions react with iron metal.
Phosphoric acid is a white solid.
Phosphoric acid is one of the least toxic acids.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Active teams are in 'bold'.
Potassium carbonate is a white solid.
Boobies get their name because of their lack of fear of humans.
"Stiles are, of course, a problem for people who are disabled."
Behaviorists focus on relationships between stimuli and responses.
Average rainfall is below the UK national average due to an east coast location.
Pay drivers are drivers who pay the team to drive the race car.
Bull terriers are very strong for their size.
Bloodhounds are usually a gentle and affectionate breed.
Some people keep skunks as pets.
Nerves transmit information.
Today there are action figures for girls too.
Aisles round the edges.
"Students take place in a tornado drill, lining up along an inside wall and covering their heads."
Neutron stars rotate much faster than other stars.
Neutron stars are very dense.
Neutron stars have very strong magnetic fields.
All stars have a magnetic field.
Palm Island lies just south of Hibiscus Island.
Earth is a planet.
Earth has one moon.
Earth rotates so each part of it is in light during the day and dark at night.
Earth is a planet.
Earth has one moon.
Earth is a planet.
Earth has one moon.
Earth is a planet.
Earth is a planet.
Primates are a good example of animals which almost always live in small groups.
Streetlights are normally either orange or blue.
Sandpapers come in various types.
"Several species live around humans, and are effectively omnivores."
Starlings are generally a highly social family.
Most species associate in flocks of varying sizes throughout the year.
Chemists therefore distinguish hydrogen chloride from hydrochloric acid.
Different gases make different colors.
Some engines use two turbochargers.
Diesel engines have no engine knock.
Snails are especially important when drought or hard weather makes it difficult to find other food.
Most refrigerants also increase global warming because they are powerful greenhouse gasses.
Time is traditionally five minutes behind Greenwich Mean Time.
Charlotte has many different kinds of weather throughout the year.
Banking is very important in Charlotte.
Charlotte has many private universities as well.
Charlotte has many big interstates to handle all the traffic.
Conflict is one of the most important elements of narrative literature.
Sodium azide is very toxic.
Many azides are explosive and very toxic.
Hydrazoic acid is very explosive.
"Hydrazoic acid is extremely toxic, even more toxic than sodium azide."
Some people get headaches when they eat nitrites.
Nitrites are normally strong oxidizing agents.
Sodium nitrite is a common nitrite.
First bottle has more nitrogen dioxide.
Nitrogen dioxide is very toxic.
First bottle has more nitrogen dioxide.
Second bottle has more dinitrogen tetroxide.
Sodium amide is an example.
Lead azide is an explosive.
Anthropologists study the traces of human behavior to learn what people where doing and why.
People make fire.
People use bolas.
People live in caves and make cave drawings.
People begin to bury dead people.
People make spears from antlers.
People paint cave drawings and make things out of clay.
People make needles out of antlers.
People make jewellery.
People use dogs to hunt and to carry things.
People make tools out of bronze.
People make tools out of iron.
Roman Empire rises and falls.
Red links are good.
All biog pages have references supporting their notability.
Lightning is a powerful electric current.
Users also have to take some responsibility to keep themselves safe.
Potassium fluoride is a colorless crystalline solid.
"Hydrofluoric acid is more effective at reacting with glass, though."
Potassium fluoride is somewhat toxic.
Permanganates are toxic.
Potassium manganate is an example.
Potassium manganate is a green solid.
Potassium permanganate is more common.
Potassium manganate is a moderate oxidizing agent.
Some paints are just mixed with water.
Most painters buy paint that is already mixed.
Artists buy paint in tubes.
Some artists buy dry pigment and mix it for themselves.
Artists using oil paint and tempera often use many layers to get just the right effect.
"Examples are viruses, bacteria and parasites."
Immunology is the study of all aspects of the immune system.
Immunology is a science that examines the structure and function of the immune system.
Sulfur dichloride is a red liquid.
Explosion releases harmless nitrogen and sulfur.
Some crosswords use riddles and word play and are usually more difficult than straight crosswords.
Silver nitrate is a colorless crystalline solid.
Fresh plaice is also oven-baked.
Silver iodide is a yellow solid.
Silver iodide is toxic.
"Cheese has calcium, protein, and phosphorus."
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Males defend the nest while building it and become very angry when something gets too close.
Males continue to defend the nest after the eggs hatch.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
People continue doing things while they are asleep.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
Computers excel at automatically typesetting documents.
Aboriginal people have different opinions about mining.
Humidity is relatively low and rain is unusual.
Mangroves serve as feeding and breeding grounds for many fish species including the barramundi.
Fire is an important hunting tool for Aboriginal people using it to flush out prey.
Active constructors are in 'bold'.
Many more countries send athletes to the Summer Olympics than to the Winter Olympics.
Many people collecting minerals want it.
Copper sulfate is somewhat toxic to humans.
Action is more important than the science or characters.
"Internal gangrene affects the internal organs usually the intestines, gallbladder or appendix."
"Most problems are due to awkward features in the markup language, which lead to coding errors."
"Neoconservatism is porbably a good start, even though that article has many other issues."
Consultants work at client places on behalf of a consultancy or Billing company.
"Examples are children, disabled people, or the elderly."
Some people use mathematics to make visionary discoveries in the nature of the universe.
"Aggression is more common among animal relatives and within a group, than between groups."
"All advanced queries transform to regular queries, usually with additional qualified terms."
Experienced DJs are also able to crossfade between tracks using the channel faders.
Constructors receive points as well as drivers.
Higher numbers are worse.
Zinc phosphate is a white solid.
Zinc iodide is a colorless solid.
Zinc sulfate is a colorless solid.
Zinc sulfide is white when pure.
Zinc oxide is a white solid.
Hornbills use their big bills to open the tough husks of nuts and to handle large fruit.
"Many people think it is for young drivers, but adults are also very active in karting."
Barium sulfide is colorless when pure.
Barium sulfide looks very similar to barium sulfate.
Barium peroxide is a gray-white solid.
Barium peroxide is another peroxide.
Barium oxide is a white solid.
Barium hydroxide is a white solid.
Barium hydroxide is corrosive because it is basic.
Barium carbonate is a white solid.
Barium carbonate occurs as 'witherite'.
Instructions are below.
Arrows indicate redshift.
"Many modern stories are three acts, which match with the beginning, middle, and end of the story."
Most missions are combat missions.
Different missions have different goals.
Some chlorites are explosives.
Sodium chlorite is the most common chlorite.
Sodium chlorite is a colorless solid.
Ammonium carbonate is a white solid.
Ammonium nitrate is a colorless solid.
Potassium perchlorate is a colorless crystalline solid.
"Accessories are also available in the form of bracelets, necklaces, and earrings."
Few countries use firing squads anymore.
Statistics herein refer to the original editions only.
Boulder is in the foothills of the Rocky Mountains.
Boulder Creek flows through the City.
Boulder Creek is a tributary of the South Platte River.
Boulder has a dry climate.
Boulder county includes the conservative suburbs of Boulder City.
Studies suggest that many people get sleep paralysis at least once in their lives.
"Most spider webs are very thin, but are also very strong."
Spiders make different webs in different places to trap many kinds of prey.
Some properties are like a nonmetal.
Selenium dioxide is a white solid.
Selenium dioxide is very rare as a mineral.
Selenium trioxide is a white solid.
Selenous acid is a weak acid.
Selenous acid is very toxic.
Intellectual disability is different from dementia.
Selenium tetrachloride is a yellow or white solid.
Spears is now a country music singer.
Local firms are able to take capital out of the country in order to expand globally.
Calcium permanganate is a dark purple solid.
"Many strong acids have a negative pKa value, which means they are very strong."
Bronze is stronger than copper or tin alone.
Bronze lasts longer than copper.
Male reindeer are usually bigger and heavier than the females.
Reindeer are the only deer where both sexes have antlers.
"Reindeer eat mostly grass, but eat also almost any other plant."
Reindeer are herd animals and live in groups.
Writing is good.
Deer have many predators.
Deer are a monophyletic group.
Cations are one of the two types of ion.
Anions are one of the two types of ions.
Ions are atoms that have an electrical charge.
"Geomorphology is part of geography, geology, geodesy, engineering geology and archaeology."
Most steels have much more carbon.
Story has happy end.
Examples are sodium telluride and hydrogen telluride.
Tellurides are strong reducing agents.
Tellurides are the main source of tellurium in the ground.
Hydrogen telluride is a toxic reactive gas.
Cadmium telluride is a black solid.
Lead telluride is a gray crystalline solid.
Blast furnaces are very large.
Iron ore is basically iron oxide.
More popular games contain a lot of scripts.
People fly in balloons mostly for fun.
Gas balloons have gas of low density in their envelopes.
Cell phones work as two-way radios.
All modern phones use digital networks.
Higher frequencies provide better connections and the voice communications are generally clearer.
"Today there are mobile phones that work on two, three or four frequencies."
Most body scanners take a number of images from different angles.
Most metals have a very low electrical resistivity.
Electrical resistivity is also inverse of electrical conductivity.
"Today there are a few female lay clerks, e.g. in Dublin."
Natural redheads are often have very light colored skin.
Plants lose water through stomates.
Guard cells are able to open and close the stomates to save water.
Many dollars never enter into the cycle which makes money.
Actuaries use maths to study the risks in the insurance  and financial industries.
Most substances are diamagnetic.
Stress is the measure of a force in a certain area.
Solitary confinement has many other names.
Yeast is a common leavening agent.
Yeast takes longer time to rise than chemical leavening agents.
Some gas balloons carry people.
Acceptable values are 'warn disallow deauto block degroup'.
People have less fatty tissue and often less muscle after dieting.
Muscle tissue needs more energy than fatty tissue.
Diets also limit the number of calories people take in.
Mechanical waves are a local oscillation of material.
Many metals produce flame colors.
Some coins use nickel silver.
Most people think it is harder than normal puzzles.
"Sharecroppers are almost always poor, and are often in debt to landowners or other people."
Alkenes are liquid and spoil easily.
"People making shortening add hydrogen to the alkene, turning it into an alkane."
Potassium sulfide is a colorless solid when it is pure.
Many programming languages use or support regular expressions.
Modern playwrights are usually less famous than past playwrights.
Triangles come in different sizes.
Copper sulfate makes triclinic crystals.
Sodium chloride is a cube.
Copper sulfate is triclinic.
Fire is sometimes a hazard.
Explosives are a hazard.
Sodium phosphide is an example.
Sodium phosphide is a black solid.
Most cash registers print a receipt for a proof of purchase.
Most vandalism is from anonymous users.
Whole articles are shorter than some intros.
Some hedges are very old.
Physicists know it as a 'Lorentz distribution'.
Australian movies have a very long history.
Healthy discussion is always a good way to begin rethinking things.
"Talk pages are cheap, there's no issue with blank ones to be totally honest."
"Electromagnetism is one of the four fundamental interactions, as is strong force."
Winters are mostly short and cool.
"Energy flows between space, the atmosphere, and Earth's surface."
All attributes are optional.
"Subversion works against structures of power, authority, exploitation, servitude, and hierarchy."
Subversion is a crime in China.
Futurists often use PPPW to evaluate the future.
Players choose an answer from a multiple-choice question.
Some people believe that teddy bears are only a children's toy but the bear is more than that.
Collectors search for the defective ones to have the most unique collection.
Several agencies provide the bears the children going through crisis.
Firemen also hand out bears to children victims of fire.
Hot fluorine makes bromine pentafluoride.
Many Republicans are against illegal immigration.
Police are one of the most troublemaking ones.
Major parties are parties with representation in the Italian parliament.
Small businesses are common in many countries.
Independence is another good thing about owning a small business.
Subversion allows other developers to view the code easily.
Toothpaste often contains xanthan gum to give the toothpaste a smooth texture.
"Many cosmetics contain xanthan gum, which helps hold together oil and water emulsions."
Leopard frogs have circular spots.
Iodic acid is a strong oxidizing agent.
Mechanical work is the dot product of force and displacement vectors.
Magnetic flux is the dot product of the magnetic field and the area vectors.
Acidic foods leach lead much more easily.
"Apologists base their arguments on historical evidence and philosophy, amongst others."
Brains are extremely complex.
Predators tend to have larger brains.
Head crashes make sounds.
Some nature writers believe wilderness areas are vital for the human spirit and creativity.
Conservation laws are helpful for people when they do problems in Physics.
Japan changes emperors.
Canadian soldier poses with boys in Vladivostok.
Gigabit ethernet uses four wires for transmission.
Hypoiodous acid is very unstable.
Silver iodate' is a chemical compound.
Iodine pentoxide is a white solid.
"Basaltic tuffs are black, dark green or red in colour."
"Many karst regions display distinctive surface features, with sinkholes being the most common."
People make leavened bread in Egypt.
People use various length grove suiting their dress.
Mineral waters are very clean and have no germs in it.
Irish people have a strong culture and many beliefs.
Sewage stays in a 'first' tank until solids fall to the bottom.
Some works have rocks or pieces of plastic for the bacteria to grow on.
Membership is open to anyone who is interested in freshwater science.
Tincture of iodine has about equal amounts of iodide and iodine.
"Halophiles live in evaporation ponds or salt lakes such as Great Salt Lake, Owens Lake, or Dead Sea."
"Slight halophiles live in mud on the ocean floor, in seawater, and in garden soil."
Halophiles play an important part in ecosystems.
Halophiles are useful for cleaning up polluted environments.
Halophiles play an important part in the fermentation of some foods.
Halophilic microorganisms are useful in biotechnology.
Some moderate halophiles produce sugars outside the cell.
"Blackbirds are easy to find in gardens all over Europe and in Asia, South of the Arctic Circle."
Eras are subunits of Eons.
Sweat needs energy to turn from a liquid into a gas and evaporate.
"Some insects control their temperature, especially colonial insects."
"People visit the beach from all over South Korea, as well as outside of Korea."
Address can also mean public speaking.
Computer rooms are available for use computers and printer if the rooms has any vacancies.
Students enter community colleges to pursue their academics or receive a better job training.
China has much foreign direct investment in it from other countries.
Photosynthesis is the process that plants use to make sugar for food.
"Plants use only carbon dioxide gas from the air, water and sunlight."
"Iron stops being an electromagnet very quickly, but steel takes time to wear off."
"Typhoons are rare, as Palau is outside the main typhoon zone."
Many island nations get money from fishing.
"Part goes up, and part goes down."
Field has osteoporosis.
Beta decay occurs when there are a lot of neutrons in an atom.
Scuba diving is popular because of the many different kinds of life living in the water.
Strangeness is basically a resistance to decay against strong force and electromagnetism.
Charm quarks' or 'c quarks' are the third most massive of the six quarks.
Web applications are popular because most computer operating systems have web browsers.
Traditional applications continue to work.
All quarks are elementary particles.
Some people think it is a very wide plain of dark material.
Teeter is a girl and Totter is a boy.
People go to the shrine to play the growth of their children.
Composition is a way to make a new arrow out of two arrows.
"Composition obeys some axioms, or equations."
Some flame retardants are minerals or inorganic compounds like antimony trioxide or asbestos.
"Some solders have a flux core, where the flux is inside the solder."
Zinc antimonide is a gray solid.
Antimony trichloride is a white or pale yellow solid.
Antimony trioxide is a white solid.
Antimony trioxide is somewhat carcinogenic.
Antimony tetroxide is a white solid.
Some people write codes as a kind of game.
Ionic arsenides are very basic and are strong reducing agents.
"Most arsenides are more metallic, like zinc arsenide."
Arsenides react with acids to make arsine gas.
"Arsine reacts violently with oxidizing agents, such as the halogens."
Gallium arsenide is a gray solid.
Zinc arsenide is a gray solid.
Arsenic trichloride is a colorless or yellowish liquid.
Arsenic trioxide is a white solid.
Arsenous acid is a colorless solution.
"Arsenic pentoxide is a white, odourless solid."
Arsenates are salts of arsenic acid.
Arsenic acid is a colorless solid.
Potassium arsenate is a white solid.
All forms dissolve in acid.
Players get points by hitting the right notes at the right time.
Animism is the personification of natural forces as gods.
Walkers reach the church via a dirt track that passes a series of roadside monuments.
"Waves travel over the surface of water in a pond, through the air in a room, etc."
Red spaceship moves from yellow star toward blue star.
"Winter is so cold, yet brings such sweet holidays."
Many people binge eat at some point in their life.
Dukedom is the highest ranking of royalty before monarch.
"Eclipses are total only in a narrow track along the Earth, and only for a few minutes."
Some lichens are symbiotic relationships between fungi and green algae.
"Summers are humid, meaning a lot of water is in the air, so it feels very muggy."
Many different people make up Minneapolis today.
"People there work in small stores too, like barber, grocery, hardware, and coffee shop."
"Fine sediment is the most abundant product of erosion, which is why mudrocks are so common."
"Silt is the product of physical weathering, such as freezing and thawing."
"Many people think of the pelvis as the 'hip bone', because it is at the hip."
Humans are somewhat different from other mammals.
All collisions have the same momentum before and after a collision.
Burns are usually minor.
Every person is different.
Barnacles are a different group from crabs and shrimps.
Barnacles have the largest penis to body size ratio of the animal kingdom.
Barnacles are by far the commonest animals on rocky sea shores.
Erosion is the process of natural forces moving rocks and soil.
Erosion is a geological process.
"Erosion occurs at the earth's surface, and no effect on earth's mantle and core."
Erosion can also cause problems for humans by removing rocks or soil that support buildings.
Temperature changes cause pieces of rock to flake away from the surface.
Waves also carry away small pieces of material.
Wind erosion occurs when wind moves pieces of earth materials.
Wind erosion is one of the weakest kinds of erosion.
Gravity simply pulls loose earth materials downhill.
Landslides are dramatic examples of gravity erosion.
International organizations are active in more than one country.
Pilots also have to look for other aircraft.
Most hernias happen in the abdomen.
Many universities have degrees on the subject of Islamic studies.
Any editor is able to be a bureaucrat but it is up to the community's decision.
Incest is the ultimate form of inbreeding.
Most societies have some form of incest avoidance.
Copper is the cheapest and most widely used.
"Silver is also the most thermally conductive element, and the most light reflecting element."
"Sweat is mostly water, but it also contains some salts."
Some people think sweat makes a person smell bad.
Deodorants hide the odor of sweat.
Green background indicates win.
Red background indicates regulation loss.
Healthy gums fill and fit each space between teeth.
Percentage is far below consensus.
Most people like to see a year.
"Lampreys are eel-like, scaleless animals."
Mobiles are a kind of kinetic sculpture.
"Males bump a female to initiate mating, and then deposit a spermatophore on the lake bottom."
Photons have energy and momentum.
Larger individuals are possible.
Collage is a popular technique in modern art.
All plants go through a cycle with a haploid gametophyte alternating with a diploid sporophyte.
"People buy most of their food in stores, shops, or markets."
Food shortage is still a big problem in the world today.
"Designers try to make the flapping-wing flight of birds, bats, and insects seem real."
Jugglers often call the objects they juggle as props.
"Some performers use more dangerous objects such as knives, fire torches, and even chainsaws."
Sea transport is crucial and ferry services operate between the islands and the mainland Britain.
Valid target is in red.
Valid target is in red.
Valid target is in red.
Fencers wear a uniform to avoid injury.
All businesses have administrators.
People there live a very long time.
Kookaburras usually live in family groups.
Young kookaburras help their parents to hunt and care for the smaller children.
"Kookaburras are well known for their loud call, which sounds a bit like human laughter."
Kookaburras use their calling to show others their territory.
Lotus is now front and center in the electric-car arena.
Further comments are welcome.
Reference actually contradicts the statement.
Sentences are often long and clunky.
People usually have to pay to subscribe to cable television.
Force is mass times acceleration.
"Cantaloupes are a popular type of muskmelon, but there are other types."
"Muskmelons are native to Iran, as well as parts of India and Afghanistan."
"Many plant species self-fertilise in the wild, but the great majority have occasional outcrossing."
Martial law is military law.
Judges give points both for length of the jump and for the jump style.
Ski jumping is a part of the Winter Olympic Games.
Cats walk very precisely.
"Most cats have five claws on their front paws, and four on their rear paws."
Young kittens are playful.
Cats are fairly independent animals.
Body posture is also important.
Man meets dog'.
Cats are very clean animals.
Owners brush their cats to try to prevent a lot of hairballs.
"Cats do get diseases, and prevention is better than cure."
"Most cats have only four to five toes per paw, depending on whether it is the front or back paw."
"Geographical places are notable, so they pass the notability threshold."
Some species prefer riverine habitats.
Addiction takes place when the addictive element enters the body.
Some engineers also use their skills to solve technical problems.
Engineering is a big subject.
Aerospace engineers design space vehicles or airplanes.
Biomedical engineers design and work with medical equipment.
Chemical engineers use chemicals to make products like drugs and medicines or fertilizers for crops.
"Civil engineers work on roads, bridges, buildings and other public structures."
Environmental engineers design and implement solutions to remediate and restore the environment.
Nuclear engineers design and build nuclear plants.
Software engineers design and write programs for computers.
"Communication has many ways, and happens all the time."
Communication works by exchanging information or messages.
Some scientists dispute psychometrics entirely.
People get very scared.
Many antelope are sexually dimorphic.
Scientists take it as a form of communication in elands.
Psychologists say stalking is a way of hurting someone's mind with serious effects.
Comments are welcome.
Comments are welcome.
Cities are very important.
People still discuss making language simpler and more modern in Egypt.
Variations involve replacing the butter with various types of cream.
Hollandaise is one of the five mother sauces in French haute cuisine.
MANs use different technologies than LANs.
Digestion begins in the mouth.
"Gill slits allow water to pass into the chambers, which helps break down the food even more."
"Infected cells form crown galls or root tumours, respectively."
Conjugation is a convenient means for transferring genetic material to a variety of targets.
Conjugation has advantages over other forms of genetic transfer.
"Most spirochaetes are free-living and anaerobic, but there are numerous exceptions."
All parameters are optional.
"Most species are phytophagous, feeding on flowers."
Inflammation is one of the first responses of the immune system to infection or irritation.
Neutrophils then trigger other parts of the immune system.
Mast cells are a type of innate immune cell in connective tissue and the mucous membranes.
Macrophages are large phagocytic leukocytes.
Nonmetals also react with it.
Today Leeds still has many factories and offices for large companies.
Many banks have their offices in Leeds.
Gluons also have color charge.
Alpha decay is a result of the residual strong force.
"Examples are ceramics, drawing, painting, sculpture, printmaking."
Content creation looks great.
Polymorphism is common in nature.
Fitness varies in time and space.
Selection acts differently at different levels.
Mammals normally produce lactase only as long as the mother has milk.
Modern humans are different.
Ants exhibit a range of polymorphisms.
"Wild birds are mostly yellow-green, with brownish streaking on the back."
Some materials are 'semiconductors'.
Some materials are 'resistors'.
Some materials are 'insulators'.
"Many people die from being wet and cold, every year."
Some conductors speak very little during their rehearsals.
Workers complete the vulnerability index by asking about medical problems.
Flip flop is a bistable multivibrator.
Allopatry means 'different land'.
Some evidence suggests that sympatric speciation is occurring.
Italian sparrow joins family as a new species.
Reinforcement is the process by which natural selection increases reproductive isolation.
Estimates say that that one to two percent of adults are sleepwalkers.
"Habitats vary widely, but many species live in dry regions."
Some restaurants also have large deep fryers to fry a lot of food at once.
Dust storms happen when a strong wind front blows loose sand and dust from a dry surface.
Teams earn points for wins and half-points for ties.
Rotifers are specialists at living in habitats where water dries up regularly.
Capacitors come in many sizes.
"All capacitors have two connections, or leads."
Electrolytic capacitors use a conducting surface inside a liquid electrolyte.
Gene knock-in' is the opposite term.
"Pipits are ground nesters, laying up to six speckled eggs."
Rounds are a kind of canon.
Koalas are mostly active at night.
"Central Island is an active volcano, emitting vapors."
Fish come in many shapes and sizes.
Some fish are less than one centimeter long.
Most fish live in the water.
Most kinds of fish have bones.
Fish swim by exerting force against the surrounding water.
People eat many kinds of fish.
Some people keep fish as pets.
Many species build roost nests.
People do change and learn from their mistakes.
"Some issues remain unsettled, however."
High wings make it easier for the pilot to see.
Some bush planes have floats for landing on water or skis for landing on snow.
Fog is a common sight.
Page consists of nothing other than a definition.
People sit in a cross-legged position.
Some people arm wrestle in contests.
"Animals often have feet, and there are a lot of different sorts of foot."
People have different traditions in different parts of the world for when to wear footwear.
Turkey is a republic.
Commons is similar.
People keep confusing notability with history or being famous.
Punters are members of the special teams.
Today there are dozens of versions of the Bible.
People have different ideas about the Bible.
Brain size is another factor.
"Earlier synapsids replace their teeth throughout life, as sauropsids also do."
Veal is a controversial issue in terms of animal welfare.
"Production indicates, calf health and mortality on seven red veal farms in Ontario."
Anise hyssop is native to much of north-central and northern North America.
Fishing is important here.
"Discovery Island is near the center of the park, in the middle of the Discovery River waterway."
Spiders have a number of eyes.
"Animals usually clean their fur, feathers or other skin coverings."
Jersey is type of fabric.
"Some patients report low libido, sexual dysfunction and erectile difficulties."
Hobbits are like small humans between two and four foot tall.
Evidence indicates that intralocus conflict is important in the evolution of many traits.
Sumacs are small trees.
Chromosomes are present in every cell nucleus with very few and special exceptions.
Different animals have different numbers of chromosomes.
Some genetic disorders are more common than others.
Literal translations are difficult for some people to understand.
Some new translations make men and women more equal.
Water flows at different speeds at different parts of the river.
Interpretation is difficult due to a limited supply of evidence.
Black markets opeate outside the normal ecocomy.
Notability boils down to the general notability guideline.
People make micronations for lots of reasons.
Every year there is a chess competition for micronations to play in.
Wallets provide a handy way to keep track of all of a user's public and private addresses.
"Morphogenesis gives rise to tissues, organs and anatomy."
Growth is the enlargement of a tissue or organism.
"Many animals have a larval stage, with a body plan different from that of the adult organism."
Regeneration is the reactivation of development so that a missing body part grows back.
Researchers hope to one day be able to induce regeneration in humans.
Pressure turns it all into hard rock.
"China wants a stable, consistent and affordable level of fuel shipments, especially petroleum."
Guests also have the opportunity to taste several wines for an additional price.
Turkey is the only country which recognizes the territory as an independent republic.
Dams generally serve the primary purpose of retaining water.
Most magazines use a spring and follower inside to push the ammunition into the gun.
Doctors believe that people with the condition are afraid of becoming anxious.
Kid Rock is a supporter of people in the United States Military.
Moons are natural satellites.
People also use rockets to send machines into orbit around the Earth.
Most people say it is conservative and libertarian.
Gravity pulls on the mass and gives it weight.
General relativity has a number of physical consequences.
Gravity influences the passage of time.
Gravitational waves are ripples in the curvature of spacetime.
Juveniles live on land for four or five years after metamorphosis.
"Adults are amphibious, and live in water and on land."
Tripoli is the capital of Arcadia prefecture.
Infancy is also a time of brain development.
Infant attachment is a multipurpose behavioral system essential to social animals.
Cocaine is a very addictive drug.
"Doctors sometimes prescribe cocaine as an appetite suppressant, for people who want to lose weight."
Anaesthetics are medicines or drugs which stop a person from having feelings in their body.
Traditional classification is often paraphyletic.
All degrees exist in birds and mammals.
Precocial species leave the nest shortly after birth or hatching.
Mammals never feed themselves at first.
Strange figures are around doing martial-arts moves.
Summers are hot and stormy.
Summers are hot and dry.
Football is another popular sport in France.
Hereditary information moves only from germline cells to somatic cells.
"Telescopes make far-away things look bigger, brighter and closer."
Children usually have the same family name as their father.
Antibodies have a 'variable region' in their structure.
Introns are in the genes of most organisms and many viruses.
Gulf County is heavily Democratic.
Some introns are self-splicing.
Chinese characters are an important part of East Asian culture.
"Characters are a kind of graphic language, much different from English."
Improvisation is common during a jam session.
Improvisation also refers to a type of performance.
Lavenders are very popular among gardeners.
Natural units help physicists to reframe questions.
Critics have mixed opinions on the song.
Traffic can also go from the road to the freeway by going on an onramp.
Modern astrologers see astrology as a symbolic language.
Most fighting games have a selection of characters with different abilities.
"Some people greatly enjoy it, but others dislike it, saying that there is too much violence."
"Pepper contains small amounts of safrole, a carcinogenic compound."
Aphids alone cause tens of millions of dollars of damage to crops worldwide every year.
Milk is an emulsion.
Wood is the most important natural resource of Finland.
Fishing is a popular sport.
Autumns are dark and rainy.
Northern lights are common in Lapland.
Nun means that the player does nothing.
Radioactive atoms have unstable nuclei.
Many people think it is an example of scientific racism.
Magnetic fields give power to other particles that are touching the magnetic field.
"Magnetic fields are around electric currents, magnetic dipoles, and changing electric fields."
All gliders use an aerofoil to slow their rate of descent.
"Glider planes have wings, and gliding animals have membranes which they stretch out."
Physiotherapy plays an important role in the recovery of stroke patients.
Berlin has an area of .
Fruit starts to appear as Summer arrives.
Bilbies are an endangered species of Australian marsupials.
Some people oppose eugenics and genetic counselling for religious reasons.
Verandahs often cover the whole front and sides of a building.
Human speech dissipates the shadows and makes a room seem normal.
Thrillers often have a horror or crime theme.
Wheel barrows and wrenches are examples of second class levers.
Pulleys are useful in construction sites.
Grapes are berries.
Many fruits come from trees or bushes.
Lineages are parts of the tree of life.
Many schools have nearly identical text.
Psychoactive substances change the consciousness and mood of their user.
All cosmetics are temporary.
"Macaws are native to Mexico, Central America, South America, and formerly the Caribbean."
Music students learn which chords sound nice after one another.
Atoms emit radiation when their electrons lose energy and drop down to lower orbitals.
"People following a Paleolithic diet mostly drink water, although some also drink tea."
Funk rock is a fusion of funk and rock.
Food contains nutrients.
"Most animals have tails, like cats, dogs, whales, fish, cheetahs, and monkeys."
"Rainfall increases further south in the Sudan, a belt of taller grasslands and savannas."
People use it for transportation.
Biology is the science that deals with living things.
Family groups live in a firm territory.
Unsportsmanlike conduct is something most players and fans dislike.
"Civil parishes are the lowest tier of local government, below districts and counties."
"Every civil parish has a parish meeting, consisting of all the electors of the parish."
Some people are tax resisters to protest.
More shops are due to open in Japan and Korea.
"Some websites allow only the use of letters and numbers, but no other characters on the keyboard."
Websites also advise changing a password once a year or more often to prevent hacking.
Oxygen comes to earth from all parts of the universe in meteorites.
Water contains oxygen.
Air also contains oxygen.
Earth has several processes for changing rocks.
Blood plasma is the yellow liquid in which blood cells float.
Cells also make carbon dioxide as a waste.
Erythropoietin promotes the creation of red blood cells.
Platelets help make blood clot.
Precession is the wobble of the Earth's axis.
Some states have more than one official state song.
Sea ice is ice that floats in the ocean.
Sea ice lasts all year and never melts completely.
"Many followers come from different cities, towns and villages in Pakistan."
Brazil is dominant in soy and iron ore while Russia has enormous supplies of oil and natural gas.
"Economists also look at the 'rate of growth', which is how fast a country gets richer."
"Some countries have negative growth, most often due to ongoing wars or hyperinflation."
Tickets are fully interchangeable between the two operators.
Sororities are only for women.
University students line up to rush a sorority.
Gorillas are the biggest primates.
Gorillas live in the rainforests in central Africa.
Gorillas sleep in nests that they build on the ground.
Some risk factors are child neglect and the loss of family member and or parent.
Phase shift keying' is a way of transmitting information.
Winners receive a medal.
Most skin cancers develop in the epidermis.
Dry beriberi affects the nervous system.
Most species live in subtropical and tropical regions.
People have no right to delete other people's votes or contributions to the discussion.
Education is the manifestation of perfection already in man.
Religion is the manifestation of divinity already in man.
Elephant shrews are terrestrial and are active during the day.
Instant noodles are also space foods.
Many coastal towns have commercial fishing.
Greek voters reject a proposal to restore the Greek monarchy.
Coral reefs are fragile ecosystems.
Some people use grammar that is different from other people when speaking.
Word order is the other big difference.
Nouns are things.
Pronouns are special types of nouns.
Flies have only the front pair of wings.
Halteres help balancing and improve flight.
"Subscriptions are available to academic, government, public and company libraries."
Diffraction also occurs with matter such as electrons.
"Most parameters are general, and apply to any religion."
Many people think it is one of the best universities in the world.
Reduction is the gain of electrons.
Full scan is useful in determining unknown compounds in a sample.
Chemists consider hard ionization to be shooting electrons into the sample molecules.
Normal spectroscopy is frequency-domain spectroscopy.
Bacteria make up most of the flora in the colonUniversity of Glasgow.
People there drink fenugreek tea.
Virginity has different meanings and importance in different religions and cultures.
Electromagnetic induction creates energy in the source by causing ions to circulate.
Microbes are responsible for many biochemical cycles and are crucial to the whole biosphere.
Children often act like their parents act.
"Usual awards are medals, trophies or ribbons, for example."
Drum kits are the basis of most pop music.
"Air contains nitrogen, which is harmful for some steel grades."
Berlin is in the middle of Brandenburg.
More complicated shuttles incorporate bobbins or pirns.
Land use is mainly agricultural with some woodland.
All languages have their own grammar.
Word order is the other big difference.
Some people use grammar that is different from other people when speaking.
Sentences fit together and create paragraphs.
Nouns are 'thing' words like 'table and 'chair'.
"Proper nouns are places, people's names, or other things like days of the week."
"Nouns can also be abstract things, such as 'suffering' or 'happiness'."
Verbs describe actions and states.
Females are larger.
Parents choose the first name for their child.
Boys have the same family name as their fathers.
"Girls also use their father's family name, but with one difference."
Diets are about eating the right quantity and type of food at the right time.
Winters are mild and summers are cool.
"Mining is still a major activity in the area, with gold, manganese and copper mines."
People pour colored water on each other and cook many types of sweets and other food.
Unnecessary duplication leads to clutter and article divergence.
Plants are the most prolific genome duplicators.
Water also drains from the Chicago River on the south.
Many rivers flow through a large watershed into the lakes.
Helmets often have fabric cushions inside and fabric straps to hold the helmet on a person's head.
Soldiers wear steel helmets to protect their heads from explosions and bullets.
Construction workers wear plastic helmets to protect their heads from falling objects.
Welders wear special helmets with a lens that lets less light through.
Bicycle riders wear plastic and foam helmets to protect their heads in case they have an accident.
Motorcycle riders wear helmets to protect their heads in case they have an accident.
Most linguists organize the African languages into four major language families.
Charities are common.
Newspapers are common.
Newspapers are themselves one of the sources of notability.
"Newspapers are themselves one of the primary sources of notability, so that implies some notability."
General function is to fan cooking and to keep cool.
Some people use to purity disease.
Athletes get points for the position they finish in each event.
Several bosses have new strategies.
Smaller animals appear as background elements such as spiders and rats.
Couples then compete for the house itself.
Food power works in much the same way.
"Nations usually do what is best for their citizens, who usually want food."
Food power is part of food politics.
Technology is very advanced and many new cultural trends begin there.
"Propaganda does tend to make disputes last longer, and be more difficult to resolve."
Propaganda is like advertising in some ways.
Afghan tribes unite as a monarchy.
Tourism is a major contributor to the town's economy.
Music has 'tonality' if it uses the notes of a major or minor scale.
Toucans roost in holes in trees.
Research usually involve a mixture of field and laboratory studies.
Atoms are the smallest pieces of matter.
Isotopes vary in the number of neutrons present in the nucleus.
Physicists find out about particles by studying collisions between different particles.
Roads are wide with service lanes for every major road.
"Humans get the disease by drinking milk that is unsterilized, or by eating meat from sick animals."
Blennies are generally small fish.
Many species are capable of changing sex.
Lobelias are delightful plants in many area.
Some cases are of unknown cause.
Actuaries now work in many places.
Fusion produces a lot of energy.
"Most stars look like shiny dots from Earth, because they are far away."
Most stars are very old.
Stars vary greatly in size.
Stars are a source of a gravity field.
Fusion happens at the center of stars.
Red dwarfs live longer than any other type of star.
Most stars use up the hydrogen at their core.
Many bass live in or near North America.
"Automatons are like robots, but more highly developed."
Mutagens also increase the number of mutations that occur.
"Many mutagens also cause cancer, so they are also carcinogens."
Many tabloid newspapers use a photo of a topless or a naked girl to improve their sales.
Water plays a major role in the garden.
All parameters are optional.
Many children have swings in their own gardens or back yards.
Alienation is how people understand themselves in relation to their entire society.
Distribution is pantropical.
Chemists use such functions to predict or explain chemical and physical properties.
Chemists usually build mathematical models of molecular orbitals by combining atomic orbitals.
MOs answer questions about how the atoms in molecules stick together.
Chemists study atomic orbital interactions.
Chemists sort the MOs by energy levels.
"Macaque monkeys eat fruit, flowers, seeds, bark, leaves, shrimp, and insects."
Macaques are a model organism for studying neurology.
Protozoan parasites are also ubiquitous.
Parasites face an environment which varies in time and space.
Many parasites have complex life-cycles.
More charges are possible.
Molecular symmetry is a basic idea in chemistry.
Group theory is the most popular idea.
Group theory is also useful in studying the symmetry of molecular orbitals.
Mathematics define a 'group'.
Chemists use the irreps to sort the symmetry groups and to talk about their properties.
Electrocyclic reactions occur frequently in nature.
Most hares live for about a year in the wild.
External forces are either surface forces or body forces.
Tensile stress is the opposite of compressive stress.
All real objects occupy three-dimensional space.
Pericyclic reactions are usually rearrangement reactions.
Chemists disagree whether some reactions are pericyclic reactions.
Many pericyclic reactions have similar reactions that are metal-catalyzed.
Cheletropic reactions are a subclass of cycloadditions.
Cheletropic reactions confirm the conservation of molecular orbital symmetry.
Chemists also count atoms when naming a sigmatropic shift where a hydrogen atom moves.
Blue sharks are one of the most important species in the international shark-fin trade.
Children have to use booster seats so that the seat belt fits better.
Many countries have laws that require the use of booster seats.
Firefighters go to special classes to learn firefighting skills.
Bongos live in both captivity and the wild.
Dyotropic reactions are important in organic chemistry.
Theoretical chemistry predicts what happens when atoms combine to form molecules.
Theoretical chemists use a wide range of tools.
Theoretical chemistry uses physics to explain or predict chemical observations.
"Examples are molecular docking, protein-protein docking, drug design, combinatorial chemistry."
Organic chemistry has rules for naming compounds with substituent groups.
Lemon sharks are usually eight to ten feet long.
Lemon sharks are common on the southeast coast of the United States of America.
"Nurse sharks feed on crustaceans, mollusks, sea snakes, fish, coral, and tunicates."
Nurse sharks are very active during the night.
Commercial fishermen target mature females because they grow to larger sizes than males.
All tiger beetles are predators.
Fish get many benefits from shoaling.
Some fish spend most of their time schooling.
Shoals are more vulnerable to predator attack.
Herring are among the more spectacular schooling fish.
"Herrings have excellent hearing, and their schools react very fast to a predator."
"Sardines have a short life-cycle, living only two or three years."
Physical chemistry is mostly a macroscopic or supra-molecular science.
Ozone is a gas that is present in the ozone layer in the stratosphere of the Earth.
Double bonds are stronger than single bonds and double bonds are also shorter.
Many communes cooperate in an intercommunality.
Meta information is information 'about' the web page.
Some tags only work in certain browsers.
Pi bonds are usually weaker than sigma bonds.
Pi bonds happen when two atomic orbitals are in contact through two areas of overlap.
More bonds make the total bond shorter and stronger.
Most cars use a radiator to cool the engine.
Many plants have some defence against herbivores.
Warning sounds allow the animal to stay hidden.
"Antelope have horns, and can also run fast."
Many predators strike to kill only on prey which move.
All defences incur costs.
Cognitive biases are often because of evolution.
Penguins get their food by diving into the ocean and chasing after their food.
Penguins spend a lot of their time swimming.
Penguins are slow on land because they waddle their feet instead of walking.
Little Penguins live in sandy burrows at night and go to the ocean during the day.
Little penguins have one call that changes to mean different things.
"Little penguins are the only penguin species that breeds nocturnally - that is, at night."
Primary sector extracts natural materials and provides raw materials for secondary industry.
Secondary sector processes raw materials or semi-finished goods into more valuable products.
Tertiary sector is the provision of services.
Meat packing is the main industry in Dodge City.
Huge numbers migrate.
String quartets are the most popular form of chamber music.
Rotaviruses are very small.
Children usually make a complete recovery from the infection.
Searches bring up social networking sites and promotional sites.
Classification also helps scientists to remember viruses and the diseases they cause.
"Universities have faculties, each faculty is responsible for one branch of studies."
Many torts cause physical harm to people.
Unintentional torts are accidents.
"Abstract torts are injuries to a person's mind, reputation, or property."
Piano duets are for two players at one piano.
"Piano trios are pieces for piano, violin and cello."
String quartets are the most popular form of chamber music.
"String sextets are normally for two violins, two violas and two cellos."
Sextet is for piano and five wind instruments.
"Octet is for clarinet, horn, bassoon, string quartet and double bass."
People disagree about whether circumcision is a good for health and sexual pleasure.
Farther south is the Polish mountain region.
Showers have a shower head that squirts out water.
Brass instruments come in several different keys.
Some puffers live in brackish and fresh water.
Football is the most popular sport in Scotland.
Golf is a popular sport in Scotland.
Some polytheists also use uppercase when talking about their most important god.
Abrahamic religions are very popular monotheistic ones.
Scallops live in all of the world's oceans.
Scallops have a central adductor muscle.
Most scallops are filter feeders.
Siphons bring water over a filtering structure.
Most scallops live freely.
Red roe comes from female scallops.
White roe comes from males.
Rays are the main predator of bay scallops.
Scallops are popular in both Eastern and Western cooking.
Scallops have a central adductor muscle.
West Point has a very broad sports program.
All bat species have eyes and are capable of sight.
Mammals are the only survivors of the synapsid line.
Humans have more than five senses.
Some species prefer much deeper water.
Some species only live in very specific environments.
Branches are very engaged in conservation projects on a community and regional basis.
Scallops often contain sand when fishermen use dredges.
People sometimes confuse the two.
People use many different extra chemicals.
Metal oxides are one group of extra chemicals.
Potassium nitrate needs to be very hot before it melts.
Computers use the binary number system to store information.
Endothermic reactions take in heat.
Exothermic reactions give out heat.
Chemists use the graph to calculate fundamental quantities.
People are far too concerned with the RC here.
Many complexes have coordination bonds between a metal and organic ligands.
Research is currently underway using organometallic catalysis.
Red links serve two important purposes.
"Some people prefer one over the other, however most people use reflist."
Lets change how simple does things.
Protection is for actual incidents that are happening.
Students read as much as possible.
Many people make up stories or urban legends.
Different authorities recognise between two and eight species.
Computational chemistry looks at both static and dynamic systems.
Chemists dissolve celluloid in ether or acetone to make collodion.
Chemists design commercial polymers to combine the best properties of their various components.
Chemists start to design a chemical synthesis by selecting compounds to combine.
Organic synthesis is a special type of chemical synthesis.
People use dry cleaning because it takes less work than hand washing.
Coal balls are in coal seams across North America and Eurasia.
Polymers are also an important part of materials science.
Plastics are really the final product.
Ceramics are as soft as clay and as hard as stone and concrete.
Hot pressing provides higher density material.
"Messages give orders to stop river traffic, close subsidiary gates and alert other river users."
Environmental chemistry starts by understanding how the uncontaminated environment works.
Senators serve four year terms.
Typical solvents are diethyl ether and tetrahydrofuran.
Organometallic chemistry combines aspects of inorganic chemistry and organic chemistry.
Specific impulse is a useful value to compare rocket or jet engines.
Impulse is a measurement of how much force a rocket motor makes and for how long.
Aromatic compounds play key roles in the biochemistry of all living things.
Aromatic compounds are important in industry.
"Examples are naphthalene, anthracene and phenanthrene."
Gasoline is a fuel mixture.
Chemists use strong acids to break down other molecules.
Any user is free to move it into article space.
Page looks good now.
Biophysical chemists study protein structure and the functional structure  of cell membranes.
Habituation enables organisms to distinguish meaningful information from background stimuli.
Terms also appear in logic.
Any comments are welcome.
GAs usually have at least one image.
Most critics states it to be a freestyle music.
All important information is there too.
Iodine deficiency causes diseases of the oral and salivary glands.
Demersal fish are bottom feeders.
Biochemistry is the study of the chemistry of biological molecules.
Technology helps solid-state inorganic chemistry.
"Researchers serve industry, as well as answering academic questions."
"Many solids react readily with reactive gases such as chlorine, iodine, oxygen or others."
Modern turtles possess a horny beak without any teeth in their mouth.
Electrons are able to jump from one band to another.
Similar physics applies to phonons in a phononic crystal.
Biological systems are often the inspiration for supramolecular research.
Supramolecular chemistry is also important to the development of new drug therapies.
Supramolecular chemists study the interactions at a drug binding site.
Different things lose their youth or grow old at different rates.
Spontaneous generation is when something like a fly grows from a small speck of smelly meat.
Chemists use hybridization theory mainly in organic chemistry.
Hybridisation describes the bonding atoms from an atom's point of view.
Some places get a day off and some go to work and school as  normal.
Symbols are a shorthand way of writing the names of unuts.
"Lipases are essential for the digestion, transport and processing of lipids in the diet."
Genes coding for lipases are even present in certain viruses.
Olympic athletes receive much more financial support than Paralympic athletes.
Teams play other teams in their division often.
All teams play all other teams in a season.
Teams play preseason games.
Home games offer benefits to teams.
Teams play every other team during the regular season.
Fans vote for the starters.
Players participate in part due to fan interest.
Trades often happen on the last day.
"Most pop icons achieve their status through death, typically at a young age."
Many people respect the dead.
"Tide pools are a home for hardy organisms such as sea stars, mussels and clams."
Sea palms look much as palm trees do.
Most seeds germinate underground where there is no sunlight.
Taxes is where the municipal corporations get their money from to fix problems in their cities.
Flow operates on both physical and mental tasks.
Ctenophores show biradial symmetry.
Classification is controversial.
"Spiders have one, two, or three pairs of spinnerets."
Public education is available everywhere in the United States.
School districts are sometimes different from other local jurisdictions.
Children usually start school between the ages of five to eight.
Some citizens turn to cannibalism.
Primatology is a part of physical anthropology.
Orangutans have red-brown fur.
Orangutans are from the rainforests on the islands Borneo and Sumatra in Southeast Asia.
"Heavy adults move carefully through the trees, using their flexible feet to grasp the tree branches."
"Polytheism is the belief in several gods, while monotheism is the belief in just one god."
Dendritic cells are present in tissues in contact with the external environment.
"Dedritic cells develop from monocytes, white blood cells which circulate in the body."
Some reactors make neutrons for science research and others make radioactive isotopes.
Some universities have small nuclear reactors to teach students how reactors work.
Allotropes are different forms of the same chemical element.
Users get free space to store e-mail.
Binary pulsars are one of the few tools scientists have to detect evidence of gravitational waves.
Observatory are popular with tourists.
Humans have four virtues or powers.
Chemical synthesis is a fundamental topic to the understanding of chemistry.
Orcas have mostly black skin with white patches.
Many books specialise in the details of particular software.
All attributes are optional.
"Aquatic snails are in other orders, and usually have gills."
"Snails are invertebrates, which are animals with no backbones."
"Shells are many different shapes, sizes, and colours."
"Some snails are aquatic, and live in water."
"Land snails eat vegetables and fruits, such as lettuce, carrots, cucumber and apples."
Aquatic snails are often carnivorous.
Snails use their radula to cut food.
Many animals eat snails.
Slugs belong to several different families which also include snails with shells.
All parameters are optional.
"Razor shells have a fragile shell, with open ends."
Cockles are capable of 'jumping' by bending and straightening the foot.
"Cockles burrow using the foot, and feed by filtering plankton from the surrounding water."
Wildfires occur on every continent except Antarctica.
"Foxgloves produce several deadly chemicals, namely cardiac and steroidal glycosides."
"Many plants produce chemicals which change the behaviour, growth, or survival of herbivores."
"Hardwood is in contrast to softwood which come from conifers, cone bearing seed plants."
Hardwoods have a more complex internal structure than softwoods.
Hardwoods are a type of tree that produce a dense wood.
Hardwoods grow slower than softwoods.
Hardwoods are excellent for carving.
Ironwoods are so dense that they sink in water rather than float as other woods do.
"Hardwoods have a denser structure, which is the reason they are usually harder and heavier."
Hardwoods are also less likely to decay or rot than softwoods.
Some stories refer to different characters.
Tape recorders combine knowledge both on mechanics and electronics.
"Educations aim to develop full personality and respect human rights, tolerance and peace."
All parameters are optional.
Cigarette smoking causes most lung cancers.
All parameters are optional.
Humans tie a rope to the mountain and attach the other end to the harness they wear.
"Governments make laws, rules, and regulations, collect taxes and print money."
Governments have a police force to make sure people follow the laws.
"Democracy is the government of the people, by the people and for the people."
Governments also control people and decide things about what morality to accept or punish.
"Snow leopards prefer to ambush prey from above, using broken terrain to conceal their approach."
Many estimates are rough and outdated.
Styes are small-sized and rather short in duration.
Previous experience shows that it takes a few weeks for the devs to sort the bugs out.
Talk pages are very useful for coordinating article improvements.
Adapters are available to convert between the different types.
Scientists try to use the highest possible magnetic fields to get the best image quality.
All parameters are optional.
Many pages contain illustrations.
"Marines specialize in military actions in other countries, such as an attack by sea and occupation."
Marines usually have strong links with the country's navy.
"Marines leave the warships using helicopters, landing craft, hovercraft and amphibious vehicles."
Members are sailors and use naval ranks.
All parameters are optional.
"Recipes sometimes add salt, sweeteners, or grains."
Usage is .
Fifth parameter contains style options.
"Monotremes are the only mammals that lay eggs, but they also feed their babies with milk."
All fields are optional.
All parameters are optional.
Ground fighting is an important part of the sport.
Secondary sources are surveys and interpretations by experts in the particular field.
Shooting is also an Olympic sport.
Some editors simply paste in a URL and call it a source citation.
"Some substances are more reactive, and others are less reactive."
Reactivity involves both the thermodynamics and kinetics of the particular chemical reaction.
Gold is unreactive.
People only live on the second-largest of the four islands.
Some people pick their own locks as a hobby.
Many newer locks have special pins that make picking more difficult.
"Gravity holds galaxies together, against the general expansion of the universe."
All galaxies exist inside the universe.
"Gravity pulls both galaxies into somewhat new shapes, formng bars, rings or tail-like structures."
Many galaxies also continue to form new generations of stars.
Most evidence suggests that the modern bird orders are accurate taxa.
Swimmers move through the water using the combination of other body parts.
Swimmers have to be able to stay under water with holding their breath for long time.
Lacewings are available from biocontrol dealers.
"Pathogens are disease-causing organisms including bacteria, fungi, and viruses."
Some schools allow one more year after the end of studies to complete the diploma.
Many small islands lie within the Persian Gulf.
"Frontal lobe is blue, parietal lobe yellow and temporal lobe green."
"Frontal lobe is blue, parietal lobe yellow and temporal lobe green."
European students enroll in a specific course of studies they want to do from the start.
Undergraduate education gives a bachelor's degree.
Most universities also offer graduate study.
More dimensions call for more numbers.
Some pet owners give human names to their pets.
Additional data is available from purchasable company profiles.
Ecotourism is now in continuous development.
"Maturity matters for an admin, no matter where it comes from."
Most countries have many laws and rules that regulate tanning beds.
Geometry is one of the oldest branches of mathematics.
All parameters are optional.
Ice rink is same too.
Players have full-face cover.
Bulletproof glass varies in thickness from three-quarters of an inch to three inches.
Giant pandas are bears.
Giant pandas are about the size of an American black bear.
Males weigh up to  in the wild.
Females usually weigh less than .
Giant pandas get a lot of water from the bamboo they eat.
Female pandas are ready to have a baby only once a year.
Giant pandas eat bamboo.
People come to the city to start vehicle trips along Minnesota's famous North Shore.
Timer gives pulses in exact time.
Optical tablets operate by a very small digital camera in the stylus.
Electromagnetic tablets work by generating and detecting an electromagnetic signal.
Thermometers are an example of using thermal expansion.
"Dialogue is a rhetorical, literary and theatrical format."
Dialogue is an element in the art of rhetoric.
Y represents metal ions.
Many tourists visit Lake George.
"Staff collect specimens of fossils, minerals, rocks, plants and animals, tools and artworks."
Many chemical reactions produce energy in the form of heat.
Graph theory is an important part of mathematics and computer science.
Webcams are video cameras which stream a live video feed to a computer.
"Stress analysis is an important task for civil, mechanical and aerospace engineers."
Elasticity is a branch of solid mechanics that deals with the elastic behavior of solids.
Topic is notable.
"Pressure cookers allow cooking at higher temperatures, which allows faster cooking."
Many scientists have to send their information to the database.
Padlocks are probably the most common type of lock.
Idioms are a common stumbling block for learners of a language.
Idioms are a common stumbling block for learners of a language.
"Children are still developing, they do have at least one legal guardian."
Psychopaths are unemotional.
"Psychopaths often show other antisocial behaviour as well, including sadism, violence and deception."
Ferries run during the day every day of the week.
People disagree about where the borders of the town are.
People speak other languages.
Students have to wear their tie with the blazer.
Many tools are available to the user.
Scientists find a way to travel to the past.
Thunderstorms are very active electrically.
Thunder is the sound that comes from the rapid spread of air along the lightning strike.
"Thunder is slower than lightning, because light is faster than sound."
"Severe thunderstorms cause high winds of more than , hail, flash floods, and tornadoes."
Lightning also kills or injures hundreds of people a year in the United States.
Flash floods can also happen when it rains very hard on quickly melting snow.
"Thunderstorms are dangerous, but they are also a great blessing."
Thunderstorms are also our natural air conditioners.
Lightning is also fertilizer.
Lightning balances the earth's electricity and helps fertilize the soil.
Annual precipitation is up to .
"Air travel has a major impact on the world's environment, especially the atmosphere."
Every player knows only their own role.
Inflammation is the first part of an immune system response.
Pollination is by wind.
Most chemists determine equilibrium constants in a solution with a high ionic strength.
Chemists perform experiments to measure the equilibrium constant of various reactions.
New magma emerges onto the ocean floor near the ridge axis.
Residents plan to tear down the building.
Every society always has some women who never marry.
"Similar pairs exist -  and , et cetera."
Volunteers are free to spend time where they wish.
"Suit jackets have a collar, pockets, and a silk or polyester lining."
National emblems appear for example on 'flags'.
"Some languages use the accent to show the same changes in sounds, but others use it differently."
Some languages use the accent to actually make new letters.
Some people like to add the seasoning directly into the soup.
Water pushes the wheel causing it to spin.
"Many arthropods have appendages on each, or most, of their segments."
"Insects have exactly six legs, two on each segment of the thorax."
Disambiguation pages are for avoiding confusion.
Gregorian chant is an example of a cappella singing.
Some boxer briefs have an opening with buttons on the front.
"Some boxer briefs have elastic at the end of the legs, and stitching across the bottom."
Green chemists reduce the hazards and increase the efficiency of any chemical choice.
Members follow it to present ten speeches.
All people drink and eat as much as they want and play different games.
Acute toxicity is different from chronic toxicity.
Idioms are a common stumbling block for learners of a language.
Many modern bands have one or two members who write songs for the band.
Many plants also reproduce asexually.
Every member has a different voting right.
Many chemists use Argon as a carrier gas to make the plasma.
People wear one on their finger for protection when sewing.
Indian constitution is the longest of all constitutions in the world.
Postmodernism is a way of thinking about culture and thought.
Some meats are only common in some places.
Eyelashes also keep sweat out of the eye.
Eyelids keep the eyes from drying out when asleep.
Verdins are insectivores.
Duck ponds give habitats for water fowl and other birds who use the water to bathe in and drink.
Some people prefer to simply follow their self-definition or identity .
Enols are also carbon nucleophiles.
"Page has little content, no sources and no evidence of notability."
Donkey tells of floats coming to the swamp.
Audio libraries are available to reproduce the Vietnamese language.
Religious symbolism has an effect when it affects both the intellect and the emotions.
Water is symbolic in baptism.
All denominations have Eucharist and baptism.
Different groups believe the sacraments mean different things.
Some Protestant denominations think they are only symbolic.
Sailing is their best medal winning sport.
Some people also grow vegetables or fruit in their gardens.
People do indoor gardening inside their house or inside a building.
Gardeners use tools to dig in the soil and water the crops.
Many people say it looks like a sewing machine from the side.
Major floods affect parts of Thailand and Cambodia.
Hawkers often sell food.
Black powder is the oldest type of mixed rocket fuel.
"Gold is also a very dense metal, making gold coins hard to fake."
Many people enjoy collecting coins.
All medals are from the Summer Games.
Rites of passage celebrate and protect the person or people who are changing.
Obese people are also more likely to die.
People use abbreviations for words that they write a lot.
People often think words are abbreviations when in fact they are acronyms.
Users can therefore choose the touristic point where they want to stay longer.
Physicist think about undulators both using classical physics and relativity.
Physicists measure an undulator's effectiveness in terms of  spectral radiance.
Physicists designing particle accelerators also calculate it.
Many computers have a fingerprint scanner.
"Some biometric data is also easier to fake, e.g. signatures."
Different groups think the word means different things.
Scutes are similar to scales and serve the same function.
Wigglers make a wide range of electromagnetic radiation frequencies.
Scientists also use synchrotron light in many other ways.
"All current is fundamentally the same, microscopically."
All cadets take part in athletics.
Chimpanzees have enterotypes that look similar to human enterotypes.
Durability is at the core of green construction.
Ascent rates yield the ceiling height.
Many laptops still have legacy VGA ports.
"Wind chimes makes sounds when the wind blows the tubes, rods and bells."
High explosives produce more pressure than low explosives but low explosives are more safe to use.
Military weapons use high explosives.
"Primary explosives are very unstable and rapidly react to shock, friction, and heat."
Some people call secondary explosives as base explosives.
Some people also tell about another group of explosives.
River tells the Doctor it is a life support unit.
Stressed beats are the 'strong' beats and unstressed are the 'weak' beats.
Unification means making two or more parts as one.
"Light curves can also be aperiodic, that is they are irregular with no pattern."
People sometimes become homesick when they travel.
"Quality is important, but it seems that often that quality is all or nothing."
Presenters are the hosts of programs.
Sale is director of the institute.
Many rock formations show repeating patterns of strata.
"Erosion takes place during the dry periods, and deposition takes place during the wet periods."
Some large companies allow boy scout troops to meet in their building.
Crews also work backstage in theaters and on movie sets and in television studios.
Many people have rhododendrons in their garden or flower pot.
More complicated setups are also possible.
Electromagnetic interference is a big problem when transmitting data.
"Surface tension has the dimension of force per unit length, or of energy per unit area."
Surface tension prevents the paper clip from submerging.
Surface tension is responsible for the shape of liquid droplets.
"Gravity stretches the stream, then surface tension pinches it into spheres."
Soap bubbles have very large surface areas with very little mass.
Emulsions are a type of solution in which surface tension plays a role.
"Scientists measure reactions in the gas phase, on surfaces and in water."
Robots now have many uses.
Many factories use robots to do lots of hard work quickly and without many mistakes.
Physicists represent sources of magnetic moments in materials as poles.
Tennis is very popular among Salvador's elites.
Some computer museums are a part of larger institutions.
Some museums are for computer education and entertainment.
Subjects sort out four-word sentences from sets of five word.
Bus service runs in the city and other points in the county.
"Articles appear here through a template, either  or  with the  parameter on."
Gravity is a force.
Management accountants have a dual reporting relationship.
Cost accounting is a central element of managerial accounting.
Japan has four main islands running from north to south.
Most electronic locks allow the user to set the combination.
Cystic fibrosis affects the entire body.
Confusion often occurs when a user sees an elevation value using the newer datum.
Identical twins are natural clones.
Church has a mezzo-soprano vocal range.
"Pies have a pastry crust, either open top or closed top."
Many countries have their own style of pie and they have their own name.
Activists sometimes engage in the pieing of political and social targets as well.
Smoking is dangerous to health.
Risk is different from prevalence.
Crystals begin to form in the porous cell walls.
Some people are pathological liars.
Most people believe in ghosts.
Most people believe in ghosts.
"Many roses have a strong, pleasant scent."
Some roses have decorative hips.
"Yellow roses show sunny feelings of joy, warmth, and sometimes welcome."
Linear optimization is a special case of Convex optimization.
Some locations have many sites that have a common geographical location or cultural history.
Some examples are below.
Neutrophils are an important part of the body's immune system.
Opponents worry that the law is a kind of censorship.
Paleobotany is also about trying to understand past environments and economies.
Flights go to and from other islands in the Shetlands.
Most large airports have entire sections of the airport and warehouses for dealing with air cargo.
Nearest freeway is Eastlink about  to the east.
Some sea anemones live in symbiosis with other animals.
Passengers use an underground tunnel to walk to the satellite from the main terminal.
Dulles still deals with most of the region's international flights.
Gravity makes the air to be as close as possible to the ground.
Atmospheric pressure decreases at high altitudes.
People living at higher elevations have a higher rate of suicide.
Many women have different symptoms than men.
Bats use echolocation to find prey and to navigate.
Bullfinches have glossy black wings and tail feathers.
Some species have a black cap.
Most migrants move short or medium distances.
Many tourists visit here every year.
Decolonization generally means independence from the European rule.
Most hydras are microscopic in size.
Mental health refers to a person's emotional and psychological well-being.
Public health stops instead of encouraging a disease through surveillance of cases.
Protocols exist for a variety of different types of communication services between computers.
Apostatic selection is similar to the idea of prey switching.
Some clues look like they fit into more than one category.
Some people say it is a living fossil.
Colleoid cephalopods have complex organs which they use to change colour rapidly.
"All contributions are welcome, even early ones."
Some articles require the use of technical terms.
More information is available in the full announcement.
"Deletion is one option, but there are always alternatives."
"Settlements are always notable, just as geographic features."
People usually trade shares in stocks through a broker.
Most countries have a stock exchange.
"Door gods are often in pairs, one for each side of the door."
Some airports use a separate FIDS for each major airline.
All parameters are optional.
Writer lets users add images and maps to their posts as well as other things.
"Some editors improve articles, some improve templates."
"All pieces capture the same way they move, except pawns."
Most pieces capture as they move.
Checkmates are rare in competitive chess.
Accounts diverge from there.
Strategy is an important part of the game.
Different openings produce different pawn structures.
Idioms are a common stumbling block for learners of a language.
Safes are available in many different security levels.
Vaults have usually one or more rooms.
Bedroom furniture is the objects in the bedroom.
Some men regard their overweight condition as a form of self-acceptance.
Gold is very soft.
Most metals are gray in color.
All musicians have to have a good sense of rhythm.
All English words have vowels.
Strep throat spreads through close contact with a sick person.
Antibiotics are medicines that kill bacteria.
"People get strep throat by direct, close contact with a sick person."
Some people get strep throat more often than others.
"Steroids are also useful, as is viscous lidocaine."
G is the usual treatment.
Cases usually happen in late winter and early spring.
"Achievements go in reverse chronological order, from most recent to earliest."
"Students make an explanation for something, do an experiment and write down their results."
Poachers catch Indian tigers with steel traps.
"All life is  'sacred', all conduct has 'moral' results."
Women get urinary tract infections more often than men.
Villagers dance a waltz.
Fatality occasionally occurs.
Shepherds arrive to dance for the kings.
Toby quickly hides in the puppet theater.
Baba screams and fires at it several times.
Article is fine now.
Many people also speak Urdu.
Bullying is a purposeful action.
Idioms are a common stumbling block for learners of a language.
Many years pass.
Today there is no longer a use for the field gun.
All attributes are optional.
Field guns are best for giving long range fire support and counter-battery fire.
"Racers compete, two at a time, to be the first to cross a finish line."
Howitzers fire a heavy shell in a high-trajectory from a short barrel.
Mortars are mainly medium calibre weapons.
Mortars are usually smaller and lighter than howitzers and field guns.
Scientists try to let reality speak for itself.
All scientific work begins with having a question to ask.
Some scientists spend most of their lives learning how to do good experiments.
"Some shirts have sleeves, which cover the arms."
"Most dungeons are underground, some are high up in towers."
Sunburns stay for days or weeks.
Pressure is the measure of how much pushing force something is putting on another object.
Pressure is measure in Pascals.
Boxcars have side doors of varying size and operation.
Some boxcars have end doors and adjustable bulkheads to load very large items.
Longitudinal waves have compressions and rarefactions.
People open CDs instead of savings accounts because the interest is higher.
Some viewers detect a gay sensibility in the movie.
"Grace is in the centre, with other famous players."
"Crews is from Flint, Michigan."
Gamekeepers enter looking for an observation post.
Turkey tends to be socially conservative when it comes to such issues as homosexuality.
Many military companies operate in the city.
"Japan has many traditional sports such as sumo, judo, karate, and kendo."
Sports are popular with both participants and onlookers.
Woodwind instruments have several different embouchures.
Vertebrates have a segmented vertebral column.
"Some bassoons have a white, ivory ring round the top of the bell joint."
Some mammals do seem to inherit emotional reactions.
Most syphons have water as a fluid.
Harper is a conservative and supports cutting government spending and taxes.
Tadpoles eat algae and other plants that grow in their aquatic environment.
Every male has a different song.
V is more like English 'w'.
Businesses often say that they sell things at 'competitive prices'.
"Rainfall is usually low, very hard to predict."
Some plants are able to survive fire and some are dependent on it to reproduce.
Most species live in the ocean.
Most species have two sexes - male and female.
Nuclear fusion is when two atoms merge to form a new one.
Accidents can also happen when a canyoneer is climbing down ropes.
Wine is a popular beverage in Germany.
Sea urchins are one of the favorite foods of sea otters and is also wolf eels.
Brachiopods now live in deeper waters where food is scarcer.
Card can also mean a flat board that  holds parts for a computer.
Scarecrows are sometimes characters in stories.
"Saliva consists of two fluids, 'mucous' and 'serous'."
Orange indicates movies.
"Some people use it as a time of fasting, study, meditation and prayer."
Family traditions are very different.
Some families use old coins or silver charms.
"Nouns are words that name a place, a person, a thing, or an idea."
Business is great.
Soils are highly calcareous.
"People make paper from cotton, linen, and hemp."
National universities tend to have a good reputation in higher education in Japan.
"Important exports are sugar, pineapple, macadamia nuts, and coffee."
Examples are joints or faults.
"Joints push out in various directions, usually vertically."
Sets are elaborate.
Costumes are lavish.
Floodplains provide habitats for many plants and animals.
AZO dye is usually dark blue or blue-ish silver.
Some machinima creators use custom software.
Childhood ends when a human being begins puberty.
Giraffes have a very long neck and legs.
Giraffes live alone or in loose groups.
Adult males live alone.
Giraffes are the tallest animals on Earth.
Speakers contain amplifiers which vibrate to produce the sound.
Some speakers are wireless.
Alpine marmots mature in their third year.
Biosphere reserves exchange knowledge and experiences on new ideas for sustainable development.
Solids also tend to be strong enough to hold their own shape in a container.
Solids are generally denser than liquids.
"Liquids are generally less dense than solids, but denser than gases."
"Gases tend to take the shape of their container, and are less dense than both solids and liquids."
Gases have smaller forces of attraction than solids and liquids.
"Chelation enables a non-bonding element to bond, thereby enabling removal."
Muscular movements pass the material down the tube.
"Carpets are warmer and softer than hard floors such as hardwood, tile, or concrete."
Curiosity is a major cause and force behind scientific research and other studies.
"Curiosity is common to humans at all ages starting from infancy, through adulthood."
Whole families take part in staging the ballet.
Inline citations are .
"Players flick their marbles with their thumbnail, and try to hit the target."
"Alloys are mixtures, where at least one part of the mixture is a metal."
Metals are very useful to people.
Wombats have very tough skin on their rump.
Wombats live in burrows that they dig with their sharp claws.
Some languages have a 'voiceless alveolar trill'.
Tea bagging is an act of male domination.
Painters make paintings on the walls of temples.
Many sculptures also show movement with fine details.
Carnatic music is completely religious.
Property is something that belongs to someone.
Humans are diploid organisms.
Most genetic disorders are quite rare and affect one person in every several thousands or millions.
Most copies are in black and white.
Some balloons are very big.
Water balloons are a kind of toy.
Many American anglers visit the Gulf of Honduras to catch the marlin that abound there.
Geometrical objects are 'congruent'.
"Counties are responsible for the maintenance of jails, parks, and certain roads."
Ribands bolt the planking to the stringers.
Ponies are usually more chubby than horses and ponies have shorter legs.
"Typos are human, yes."
Some groups fall into both categories.
Plankton are important in the ocean's food chain.
"Many people die from pneumonia, especially old people, or people with a weak immune system."
Eosinophilic pneumonia is invasion of the lung by 'eosinophils'.
Eosinophils are a particular kind of white blood cells.
"Adults generally feed on nectar and pollen, some being important pollinators."
Adults generally feed on nectar and pollen.
"Phototropism is common in plants, but can also occur in other organisms such as fungi."
Phototropism is one of the many plant tropisms or movements which respond to external stimuli.
Most plant shoots have positive phototropism.
Dale County is in the southeastern corner of the State of Alabama.
Many religions claim to offer some answers.
Influenza viruses are common pathogens.
Provinces have equal status to the Korean special cities.
Boric acid is toxic.
Myths are generally very old.
All cultures have myths.
"Myths are often final answers with great authority, and strong emotional ties."
Some myths try to explain the natural world.
Cranberries are strong commercial crops for certain U.S. states.
Oil is the biggest industry in Alaska.
"Many birds migrate, such as geese and storks."
Many hands make light work.
Christians traditionally believe that no human is without sin.
Idioms are a common stumbling block for learners of a language.
Harder materials are more difficult to cut and shape than softer ones.
Hard materials are important in industry.
Rivers form the main part of the water systems of Azerbaijan.
Transcription is the representation of the spoken word.
Few people trust complete strangers.
Screens are white or grey so that the movie shows up nicely on the screen.
Interracial marriage is marriage between two people of different races.
Carbon fibre is a very strong and light material that contains carbon fibres.
Most parameters begin with a capital letter.
Point mutations change a nucleotide single base pair.
Ecological concerns are more subtle.
Women writers is certainly a topic of significant relevance.
Many cryptic species exist in all habitats.
Seamounts are one of the most common oceanic ecosystems in the world.
"Spinsters use the yarn to make clothes like a tailor, seamster, seamstress."
Bots fix some of the errors here automatically.
Article contains double interwiki link to one other languages.
Article contains duplicate interwiki links to another language.
"Game theory looks at competition, from a mathematical point of view."
Sexual intercourse is another easy way to damage the hymen along with horseback riding and biking.
Some people believe it is a bundle of nerves in the female human reproductive system.
Most healing processes combine both ways of healing.
Some people call severe laryngotracheitis croup.
People begin to improve a lot within six hours after taking steroids.
Ring is a concept of abstract algebra generalizing integers and real numbers.
Many places have rules that limit hunting.
Some mantras have meanings.
"Nut trees bear such fruits as almonds, walnuts, brazil nuts."
Obvious troll is obvious.
Some issues are the same no matter what wiki a person is on.
Reports also place U.S. ground troops at the scene of the massacre.
Agriculture is the main source of people's income.
Many interesting algorithms take a number of steps that is dependent on the size of the problem.
Tap dancers wear special shoes with metal pieces on the bottom.
Milk has many nutrients to help babies grow and be healthy.
Adults make less lactase.
Coconut cream is a thicker version of coconut milk which contains added sugar.
Milk forms an important part of a person's daily balanced diet.
"Sequences can also be infinite, which means they keep going and never end."
"Weather includes wind, lightning, storms, hurricanes, tornados, rain, hail, snow, and lots more."
Weather happens because different parts of the Earth get different amounts of heat from the Sun.
Warmer air is lighter than cooler air and goes higher in the sky.
Respirators come in many types and sizes.
Gives rise to clumps of smallish eucalypts.
Daphnia have open circulatory systems.
Buildings are for industry and plants for agriculture.
Crater Lake has no streams flowing into or out of it.
Every Hero Has a Journey.
Petroleum contains hydrocarbons.
Scientists think that there is also a fairly low risk of getting syphilis by sharing needles.
Men die more often than women from syphilis.
Cichlids are famous for their speciation in East African lakes.
"Agriculture is now mainly for food, except for a bit of coffee."
Women are three times more likely than men to be victims of rheumatoid arthritis.
Some words are similar to the Polish language.
Some countries have a separate 'royal anthem' or 'presidential anthem'.
Planaria are free-living.
Planarians have both ovaries and testes.
Breeches roles are usually female singers acting the role of a young man.
"Some species use many different insects as hosts, others are very specific in host choice."
Glycoproteins are important to recognise immune cells in mammals.
Apple snails are also common aquarium pets because of their size.
"Apple snails are herbivores, so they eat mostly aquatic vegetation, and algae."
Agriculture is one of the main activities in the province.
"Real leather is much more durable, and has a different look and feel."
"Brazil is to the north, east and south."
Mining is mostly for construction materials such as limestone and marble.
Sheep are also important for the economy.
Cattle are important to the province for both meat and milk.
"Frequent wildfires mean that only small plants such as grasses live, and trees are rare."
Vaquita have a dark coloring around the eyes and mouth.
Girls travel from all over London to attend the school.
Zombies move in through the broken fence.
All hardcovers have the contents of the comics with the covers.
Some plants absorb copper compounds through their roots.
Football is the most popular sport in Argentina.
Argentines are people from Argentina.
Complete combustion happens in a plentiful supply of air.
Incomplete combustion occurs when the supply of air is limited.
Complete combustion releases more energy than incomplete combustion.
Fuels are substances that react with oxygen to release useful energy.
"More people are in Transcaucasia, Armenia, Turkey, and Syria."
Mycenaean era ends with the destruction of that civilisation.
River otters are a distant relative of the weasel family.
Automatic rifles are usually selective fire and use rifle bullets from a magazine.
Usage is higher in Asia and lower in Europe.
"Battleships are larger, better armed and armored than cruisers and destroyers."
Songs are about clan or family history.
Butters is the character that the others usually make fun of.
Larger towns have shorter area codes allowing longer subscriber numbers in that area.
Nigerian feasts are colourful and lavish.
Association football is Nigeria's national sport.
Spotted hyenas has a negative reputation in both Western culture and African folklore.
Platypus are difficult to see in the wild.
Porcine insulin is especially close to the human version.
Nerve impulses are mostly electrical signals along the dendrites.
Confections are usually low in nutrients but rich in calories.
Hares are very fast-running animals.
"People often honor their nation, country, or group by celebrating their national symbol."
Governments often pass laws on the total number of school days for public schools.
"Military is now full of robotics, cyberwarfare, unmanned vehicles and other modern technology."
Some conductors conduct from memory.
Some people find it easier to memorize music than others.
Some illnesses are quite unusual.
Twin primes are prime numbers that differ by two.
Some people enjoy making mud pies out of mud.
Wet mud has a soft wet texture and is squishy.
New Providence is the main commercial hub of The Bahamas.
"Ceres is in the asteroid belt, while the others are in the trans-Neptune region."
Some people try to wake kundalini up by meditation or yoga.
Monsters rise from a place under a trap door.
Harbour Island is part of the Out Islands of the Bahamas.
Long Island is one of the Districts of the Bahamas.
Most constitutional monarchies use a parliamentary system.
Old Kingdom ends in Ancient Egypt.
Confucian scholars try to stay in the royal court of China.
Guns are very effective weapons.
Guidelines exist because notability is subjective to each individual.
People do it because they like it.
Some people do arts and crafts.
Some people enjoy hobbies such as playing games or solving puzzles.
Some people even build and repair sailboats in their backyard.
Some people even learn about dog breeding.
"People also collect toys, books, comic books, and old records."
"Bluefins feed on mackerel, herring, mullet, whiting, squid, eels, and crustaceans."
Symptoms are usually similar to a normal pregnancy at the start.
New snowfalls replace the parts that flow away.
Glaciers are the largest sources of fresh water on Earth.
Alpine glaciers form in mountain areas.
Glaciers are very important.
Glaciers are blue in color.
Some pianists are very good at sight-reading.
Child prodigies are often musicians or mathematicians.
"Many immigrants come from nearby countries, like Sweden, Denmark, Germany, Poland and Russia."
Animals keep their body in a stable condition.
"Females are usually brownish with dark-brown markings, the males are pure grey with black markings."
Pikes are carnivores.
Parliament is in the national capital Bridgetown in Saint Michael.
Some Dutch people speak dialects.
"Most shrike species live in Eurasia and Africa, with just two breeding in North America."
File extensions are usually three letters long and come after the name of the file.
Criticism is yet another essay.
Every fruit has one seed.
Many people say they are pioneers.
Psychological warfare has many similarities with propaganda messages.
True frogs are semi-aquatic frogs.
"Pit vipers are mainly viviparous, meaning the females give live birth."
Babies are at the highest risk for SIDS during their sleep.
Infants also die more often during winter months.
Trimmer potentiometers are small.
Many modern perfumes contain synthesized odorants.
Shore crabs live on beaches and rocky shores.
Shore crabs are a nocturnal predator which means it hunts at night.
Draft is a word describe the height of the part of a ship that is below the water line.
Catapults use weights and levers to send the rocks or other things into the air.
Obi are also colorful.
More women wear kimonos than men.
Men wear kimonos most often at weddings and Japanese tea ceremonies.
Some people still wear kimonos every day in Japan.
Irish forces defeat the English.
Cultures are what make countries unique.
Culture is also the beliefs and values of the people in that country.
Culture also includes the way people think about and understand the world and their own lives.
Different countries have different cultures.
Genome analysis does show that the tunicates are the closest living relatives of vertebrates.
People use it to mix tea.
Most people wear kimonos.
Some species are pests.
Frugality is a quality of spending money very carefully and in limited amounts.
Many religions think frugality is important and good.
Environmentalists think that being frugal is good.
"Large storms happen in the bay, especially during the winter months."
Bigger amounts are in the southern parts of the sea.
Freshmen learn liberal arts and sciences there.
People enjoy romantic view.
Fishing is an important economic activity in the Java Sea.
Some countries define supplements as food.
Animals roar for a few reasons.
Some movies mix together two or more genres.
Tragedies are always dramas.
People bring the food for picnics in lunch boxes or in picnic baskets.
Air pollutants absorb solar energy and reflect sunlight back into space.
More pollutants create clouds with more number of smaller droplets.
Clouds stop the heat from both going in and out from the earth.
Volcanic ash can also stops the sunlight from going in and out from the earth.
Chloroacetic acid is a very strong acid that causes immediate damage to the skin.
Zoologist allow any language for the description of animals.
Rodents are an order.
Squirrels belong in another family.
Pine trees are an order.
"Isotopes have different mass numbers, though, because they have different numbers of neutrons."
Heavier isotopes react slower than lighter isotopes of the same element.
Some isotopes are radioactive.
Humans start digesting food in the mouth.
Food stays in the stomach for about three hours.
Most digestive tracts are about as long as a bus.
Food slowly enters the small intestine from the stomach.
Sight is the resulting perception.
Perjury means lying at a trial.
Elephants also have tusks.
Tusks are large  teeth coming out of their upper jaws.
African elephants are larger and have bigger ears.
Biologists think that the blood going through their ears helps African elephants to cool off.
African elephants have a low place in their back.
Indian elephants eat mainly grass.
Some African elephants live on the savanna while others live in the forest.
Leatherback turtles are one of the deepest diving marine animals.
Some animals are indoors in tropical settings.
Legend reads 'The most celebrated music hall in the world'.
Series is famous in high freedom and unusual game world.
Wheat is brilliant gold.
People often call it simply .
Love is Gone'.
Economists agree on the positive role that 'good' incentives play to increase production.
Editors have to check in often.
Perverse incentives are a type of unintended consequences.
"Labyrinthodonts are an evolutionary grade, and the group is no longer a term in taxonomy."
"Tourism is a very large part of the Cantabrian life, and their economic success."
Capuchin monkeys live in Central America and South America.
"Capuchins are darkly black or brown except for the face, throat and chest, that are white coloured."
"Antelopes are a group which is ecologically very important, and have many similar features."
"Thunderstorms are common during the spring and summer months, including some severe storms."
Gravity gets stronger as something gets bigger or more massive.
Some black holes are also responsible for quasars.
Razor tends to act on belief rather than facts.
Electrons form notional shells around the nucleus.
"Mortals die, but gods live forever."
"Bank voles are omnivorous, meaning that they eat other animals and plants."
"All coral snakes are shy, secretive animals, and are nocturnal."
Males are smaller than females.
Ice yachting is the sport of sailing and racing iceboats.
Some questions have no answers.
"Lets bring excitement back to the process, lets do something positive."
Comments are welcome.
Some key names have a fitting unicode character.
Initial release are in 'bold'.
Compilations are in 'italic'.
Carbonate rocks are different in different places and at different times.
Some jobs are for fighting and some are for other work to support the military.
Recruits also learn how to march.
Dykes divide the wetland into ten units.
Waterspouts are a feature of the area.
Photosynthesis is very important for life on Earth.
Photosynthesis has two main sets of reactions.
Most children are between twelve and fifteen years old.
Updates also have changes from previous versions.
Belgian pralines are different.
American pralines have milk or cream.
Many people like to cook casserole because it is a very simple meal.
Adult males are slightly larger than females.
All plates have irregular shapes.
"Roadrunners are omnivores, meaning they eat both meat and plants."
Roadrunners search on the ground to find food.
Roadrunners have bi-parental care.
Flea bites are usually red bumps and they itch.
Terrorism has no official criminal law definition at the international level.
Many bedrooms also have closets.
Boat tours are available.
Emergencies often require delivery of different versions of the same message at the same time.
"Earth's ionosphere, they are ideal for some of the worse-case emergency scenarios."
Twitter is an online social networking and micro-blogging service utilizing SMS text messaging.
Plants become even more less common towards the northwest.
Unemployment is very high.
Income inequality is about the same as Brazil.
Belgian breweries have a tradition of providing custom beer glasses.
Many people enjoy air rifle and pistol shooting either for fun or hunting.
Some people study the human body.
Some people study what people think about their body.
Biology is a field of science.
Ecology is a field of science.
Anthropology is a field of science.
Psychology is a field of medicine.
Religion also talks about the body.
Some religions see the body as where the soul lives.
Scientists think that the human body is very much like other animals.
Sports are popular with both participanta and onlookers.
Children recover more quickly than adults.
"World peace is an idea of a world without violence, where nations try to work with each other."
Psychiatrists spend many years learning about how the body and the brain work.
Psychiatrists also learn how medications sometimes cause problems to the brain.
"Males are much larger than females, but they become larger when they mature."
"Males leave the group on reaching adolescence, and find a new troop to join."
Anthropologists try to see other cultures from the point of view of a person from that culture .
Cultural relativism says that all human action is relative to the culture where the action happens.
"People often find ways of dealing with distress, in both negative and positive ways."
Flea is also a skilled trumpet player.
Some ballet flats are open toed.
"Water beetles are black, brown, or greenish."
Royals usually adopt a single name.
Thier habitat is subtropical or tropical forest.
Most allometric relationships are adaptive.
Advertisers influence our identity by making adverts.
Many people agree that they influence our identity and they have a huge impact on our life.
Advertisers use techniques to grab people's attention.
Advertising happens in many different ways.
Some radio stations have audio advertisements that play between programmes.
Advertising also takes place on websites.
"Adverts also appear in newspapers, magazines and sports programmes."
"Name parameter is optional, and it defaults to , i.e. the article title."
Pure hydrogen is very uncommon in the Earth's atmosphere.
Nuclear fusion is a very powerful source of energy.
Green toads are green or yellow with black spots.
Many Greek poets mention the game in their works.
Sturgeon are anadromous.
Eroticism is an 'erotic' feeling.
Diets are usually fish and frogs.
Equality Now works to make legal changes in countries to better lives of females.
Students study and compare history and culture between Japan and the rest of the world.
"Children here learn English, science, and arts."
"Birds are the main dispersal agents of the seeds, consuming the fruit during their fall migration."
"Many vultures have a bald head, with no feathers."
Juveniles have rusty-brown edges on the collar and underparts.
Rulers measure length.
Length is how long or short something is.
Rulers come in many different forms.
Rulers also come in a variety of lengths.
Drivers then eat and rest before returning to drive.
"Mutations are the ultimate source of variation, upon which 'natural selection' acts."
People often eat it with kinako or anmitsu.
Stingrays are common in coastal tropical and subtropical marine waters throughout the world.
"Most stingrays live at or near the bottom of the water, but some are pelagic."
"Stingrays settle on the bottom while feeding, often leaving only their eyes and tail visible."
Stingrays agitate the sand and hide beneath it.
"Stingrays feed mostly on molluscs, crustaceans, and occasionally on small fish."
"Stingrays are ovoviviparous, bearing live young in 'litters' of five to thirteen."
"Tarantula hawks are also nectarivores, meaning they eat the nectar of flowers."
Satellite imagery shows that there is frozen ground water on the planet.
Many organizations support the colonization of Mars.
Females are larger than males.
Solar flares occur in active regions around sunspots.
Luminosity diminishes  with distance from the centre.
Males are longer and heavier than females.
"Most groups distinguish red, white, blue and yellow stars."
"Several groups identify it as an eagle, a sky god, or both."
Delusions involve imagining that someone wants to harm the person or are very complex.
Schizophrenia has great human and economic costs.
Some people do recover completely and others function well in society.
Research continues on Schizophrenia.
Schizophrenia usually appears earlier in men.
Tourism is the most important part of the economy of the island.
"Ticket barriers control access to all platforms, although the bridge entrance has no barriers."
Game artists are in charge of all game development of visual art.
Music is very important to gameplay.
All drinks are mainly water.
All life needs water to live.
Most animals get water by drinking.
Natterjacks have a very loud and distinctive mating call.
Chocolate cake has some kinds.
Some microscopic algae are also in Lichens.
Females grow larger than males.
Adults use the same pond year after year.
Fights do sometimes happen.
Male toads outnumber female toads at breeding ponds.
Small tadpoles hatch out after two to three weeks.
Every person has the same basic needs for the body.
Some scientists study the needs of human or animal minds and bodies.
Keratins are proteins.
Many people dye their hair to hide gray or white hairs.
All humans have some pheomelanin in their hair.
Men often lose some of their hair as they grow older.
Mecca is the holiest city in the Islamic world.
Amphiumas have a long body.
Amphiumas live in the southeastern part of the United States.
Parsley frogs are typical looking frogs.
Most glass frogs are a lime green color.
All species live in South America.
"Ghost frogs are medium sized frogs, reaching a length of ."
Tadpoles are pond type larvae with large dorsal fins on the tail.
"Most species live on land, though some live in trees."
Many species are below  in length.
None live in trees.
Volcanic eruptions are common.
"Valleys are also suitable for the production of coffee, beans and other crops."
Adults are typically dark purple in color.
Some schools offer degree or diploma programs in Recording.
Females mature sexually at age five to six.
Newborn pups weigh around  and are  long.
Pups are unable to swim or find food until seven to eight weeks old or until the ice melts.
Ringed seals are one of the main prey of polar bears.
Ringed seals live throughout the Arctic Ocean.
Ringed seals eat a wide variety of small prey.
Ringed seal are an important food item in particular for polar bears.
Farmers sometimes use pyres to destroy the bodies of dead animals.
Groundhogs dig tunnels and live underground.
"Most tree squirrels store food in the fall, to eat in the winter."
Squirrels have many predators or enemies.
Young squirrels are deaf and blind during the first few weeks of their life.
Marmots make holes in the ground.
Marmots are very social animals.
Freshwater crabs show different behaviour than other crabs.
Many freshwater crabs are endemic to small areas.
"Subtropical deserts have very hot summers and warm winters, with little rain."
Examples help illustrate a point.
Different voices have different musical pitches.
Correction is very common.
Many Chinese speakers find Vietnamese easy to grasp.
Some software is free to use.
Hems are little hamlets inside the city.
Communes are for cheaper land and cooperative work.
Some communes make factories and employ the people living there.
Some people live in the department zones.
"Concentration is usually in the inner city, including more people, with closer living."
Some communes are very active as cooperatives.
Hems are different.
Some hems have a full circuit of interior roadways that allow for better communities.
China is by far the world's largest user of container transport.
Kangaroo rats live in dry climates.
"Some animals hibernate, usually during the winter, when food is short."
Packrats are common in the deserts and highlands of the western United States and northern Mexico.
Bandicoots are omnivores.
Bandicoots are an endangered species.
Many people live in the eastern coasts of both the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
Most international airports have shops and restaurants for airplane passengers to use.
"Thai basil has small, narrow leaves and purple stems."
Readers are less likely to be aware of special pages than they are of categories.
Water becomes 'ice' when it is very cold.
Salt water needs a lower temperature to freeze than pure water.
Typical owls vary greatly in size.
Most owls have very similar bodies.
Owls have massive eyes relative to their body size.
Temperatures are extremely low on and near Mount Logan.
"Little snow melt leads to a large ice cap, reaching almost  in certain spots."
Some people travel to other cities as part of their job.
"Some people travel on their vacation, to visit other towns, cities, or countries."
"Adults are greyish-brown in colour, darker on the back."
Bearded seals give birth in the spring.
Pups consume an average of eight liters of milk a day.
Males live in the same areas from one year to the next.
"Adult males are  long on average, and weigh ."
Pups are about  long at birth and weigh about .
Eiders are colonial breeders.
Parasitehost evolution is another classic.
Selection is between males in species where female choice is the pairing method.
People use whiteboards instead.
Schoolteachers often use the chalkboard to display things at large.
"Some governments think the Internet is a bad thing, and block all or part of it."
Some parents block parts of the Internet they think are bad for children to see.
Awards appear to be minor.
Open source is almost the same thing as free software.
Some lexemes have several stems but one lemma.
Most mammalian species have between ten and fifteen types of Toll-like receptors.
Color commentators bring experience and insight into the game.
Proteins are important biological macromolecules present in all organisms.
Protein structures range in size from tens to several thousand amino acids.
Secondary structure refers to highly regular local sub-structures.
Protein folding is largely self-organising.
"All false puffballs are inedible, as they are tough and bitter to taste."
Barbecue cooking means to cook very slowly.
Some families pass objects and ideas down from generation to generation.
Legacy is a similar concept as inheritance and heritage.
Tourists also come to see Italy's many historical places.
Different countries use different versions of English.
Stubs are the natural way of starting articles and the wiki building.
Hospitality is all about the art of entertaining or receiving guests.
Most scientists call the area north of the treeline Arctic.
Rivers come into the Arctic from the warmer south.
Berries are the only fruit that grows in the Arctic.
Summer happens to the north and south sides of the Earth at opposite times of the year.
"Salt marshes are green, mangrove swamps are orange."
Article is indeed worthless rubbish.
Most American states have a state fossil.
Mistakes are an inevitable part of the wiki process.
Small improvements are our bread and butter.
Antibodies are the key element in the adaptive immune system.
Hashima island is near the mouth of Nagasaki harbour.
"Toads spend most of their time on land, while frogs spend most of their time in the water."
Spadefoot toads make crying sounds during a rainstorm.
"Consultancy means to provide advice, guidance and service."
"Drones also have civilian uses, such as for firefighting."
European robins have brown legs and their tail is bluntly square.
Treatment is usually by taking antibiotic drugs.
"Haems are components of haemoglobin, the red pigment in blood."
Mast cells have many granules rich in histamine and heparin.
Mast cells play an important protective role  in wound healing and defence against pathogens.
Condors are scavengers.
Carrion is an important source of food for several kinds of carnivores and omnivores.
"Electronic engineers work in the electrical, electronics and computer engineering fields."
"Hard objects are things like buildings, hills, and mountains."
Photons are fundamental particles.
Radio technology makes great use of frequency.
Electromagnetism is an idea that combines electricity with magnetism.
"Velocity is a vector, because it is a speed in a certain direction."
Many pubs also sell food such as fish and chips and meat pies.
Some pubs hire bands or singers to entertain patrons.
Most people go to nightclubs because they enjoy the music and dancing.
"Most nightclubs sell a number of different brands of spirits, liqeurs, wine, sherry, and apertifs."
Singer is openly gay.
Capitals are in 'bold'.
Many deaf people learn fingerspelling.
Fingerspelling is a part of some sign languages.
Different countries have different ways of fingerspelling.
"Some alphabets use one hand, some use two hands."
Vaporization is an alternative to smoking.
"Nothing actually burns, so there is no smoke or taste of smoke."
Protein folding is the third stage in the development of protein structure.
Prions are stable conformations of proteins which differ from the native folding state.
Children enjoy playing with bubbles.
"Every soap is different, and environmental conditions influence performance, too."
"Some artists create giant bubbles or tubes, often enveloping objects or even humans."
"Minims are the smallest workers, and look after the growing brood or care for the fungus gardens."
"Tapirs have a short fur, with colors that are reddish-brown to grey to nearly black."
Tapirs also swim very well.
"Tapirs live in dense forests, and close to water."
Tapirs are active at night.
Tapirs live alone.
Most cases are resistant to some drugs.
New infections occur at a rate of one per second.
Water is all around an island.
Islands are smaller than continents.
Some islands are their own countries.
"Some names change three or four times during life, some are stage names, and so on."
Free images are easy to use.
Research is very competitive.
Subduction causes the most powerful earthquakes in the world.
Leopard geckos reach sexual maturity at the age of one to three years.
"Promethium is rare, because it is radioactive, and decays."
People sometimes get tattoos to show that they belong to a gang or culture group.
People get tattoos in 'tattoo parlors'.
Some experts say that the African golden cat stays in virgin forest.
"Pronghorns eat grass, but also leaves and herbs."
Today there are also small wild populations in England and France.
Some utility bicycles are similar.
Road bikes are efficient for longer distances.
Ketones have the formyl group in the middle of the molecule.
Aldehydes are common in organic chemistry.
Aldehydes have many different properties.
Smaller aldehydes are more soluble in water.
Many aldehydes have strong smells.
Aerobic exercises help the body work hard for a long time.
Supplies arrive by truck every week.
Electricity comes from a diesel generator.
Electricity comes from a diesel generator.
Article seems well sourced.
Writing is one of the greatest inventions of the human species.
Many examples survive.
"China has eight regional languages that are mutually unintelligible, and many true dialects."
Males have a black ruff stretching from the neck to the chest and large horns.
All parameters are optional.
"Some books are empty inside, like a diary, address book, or photo album."
Many books have photographs or drawings.
Violent crime is very uncommon.
Violent crime is very low in Bhutan.
Homicide rate is low.
Kidnappings do still happen.
Brazil is a heavy importer of cocaine.
"Thieves work in outdoor markets, in hotels and on public transport."
Organized crime is a serious problem in Brazil.
People use it when they want to decide if two groups are the same or different.
Most wrestlers are  in height and   in weight.
Rock engravings at the base of the canyon date are many hundreds of years old.
Airships stay in the sky by floating.
Most airships are non-rigid airships.
Military science has some branches below.
Military aim is the specific target to decide how to use military mean with attack or defense.
Most pituitary adenomas are microadenomas.
Humans have 'orthognathic' faces.
Mandibular prognathism is when the lower jaw sticks out.
Chess is very complex.
Players race their tokens around a track as lowly messenger boys.
Gestation lasts around three months.
Early treatment is necessary for steroids to be effective.
Most people recover spontaneously and achieve near-normal to normal functions.
All species are large stocky birds with short squarish tails.
"Spring is popular because of the blooming cherry blossoms, flowers and spring foliage."
"Adults are medium to large in size, with females usually larger than the males."
Loquats are yellow or orange and contain large brown seeds.
People eat the skin or peel the fruit.
Deletion mutations result from missing base pairs after DNA repair.
Foods are the most common trigger in children and young adults.
Rainfall is very high due to very hilly and high geographical terrain.
Hypertension is more common in high-risk newborns.
Eclampsia is a hypertensive emergency and has several serious complications.
Hypertension is the most important preventable risk factor for premature death worldwide.
"Hypertension is also a risk factor for cognitive impairment, dementia, and chronic kidney disease."
Hypertension results from a complex interaction of genes and environmental factors.
Renal disease is the most common secondary cause of hypertension.
Many people require more than one drug to control their hypertension.
Tablets containing fixed combinations of two classes of drugs are available.
People also face the challenges of adhering to medicine schedules and making lifestyle changes.
Most texts seem to be lists.
Some schools have several degrees of black belts.
"Most birds are carnivorous meaning that they eat flesh, at least some of the time."
Many birds live on insects or on fish.
Birds come in a huge range of colours.
"Many birds are brown, green or grey."
"Many birds are territorial, especially in the nesting season."
Some birds can 'glide' on air currents without flapping.
Some birds can also 'hover' and remain in one place.
"Seagulls are also good at 'hovering', particularly if there is a strong breeze."
"Penguins spend a great deal of time at sea, where they are in danger from seals."
Some male birds have splendid feathers for attracting females.
Swallows like to nest near other swallows.
"Newborn cuckoos are naked, blind and ugly, but they are strong."
All birds make sounds to communicate.
All birds have 'cries' which are the sounds to communicate.
"Some songbirds are robins, larks, canaries, thrushes, nightingales and crows."
"Songbirds are passerines, many of which have beautiful melodic songs."
Songs have different functions.
Recognition calls for partners are quite common.
"People also use falcons for hunting, and cormorants for fishing."
People often have colorful birds such as parrots and mynahs as pets.
Groups are between two and seven stamps long.
Many legal clinics offer pro bono work.
Mines are a way to blow up the enemy and really shock the enemy.
Dysentery causes stomach pains and diarrhoea and sometimes sickness.
Most people think freedom of speech is necessary for a democratic government.
"All formats allow a plain year, such as , to stand for that year."
Some people are allergic to bananas.
Some animals use both strategies.
Distribution is cosmopolitan.
"Lovebirds live in small flocks and eat fruit, vegetables, grass and seeds."
Many animals have mate-selection courtship rituals.
Some species are migratory.
"Many hypnotics are addictive, and have side-effects."
Bogs occur where the water at the ground surface is acidic and low in nutrients.
All fields are optional except the location of the company's headquarters.
Most windows are among the oldest ones in Switzerland.
Organs are parts of an organism.
Every organ has a reason to be there.
Humans have many organs.
Most Atlantic mackerel are sexually mature by the age of three years.
Musk deer are more primitive than true deer.
Musk deer are mostly active at night.
Grasshoppers also visit the flower heads.
Many asteraceous plants have bracts at the base of each inflorescence.
Cabinetmakers learn to use the tools of the cabinet making trade.
Many professional companies do as well.
"Anther example is defense industry, where the state is the often only buyer."
Students talk freely and share information.
"People buy more technology than before, and they use technology more and more."
People also use their smartphones to hide themselves to avoid awkward situations.
Some people are also dependant of their smartphones.
Technology is a big part of human's life.
Cell phones are now a big problem on the street.
Flares happen on flare stars in a similar way to solar flares.
Dare County is the largest county in North Carolina.
Beryllium has one of the highest melting points of the light metals.
"Males weigh about , and females weigh about ."
Barbary lions are carnivores.
"Transistors are lighter, less expensive, and more reliable."
Diving is also a sport.
Different ingredients blend in well to create a harmonious taste.
Lactic acid has two enantiomers.
"Neutron stars are very dense, and have short, regular spins."
Some medical assistants are similar in some ways to a nurse.
Compound eyes have many such chambers with their lenses on a convex surface.
Compound eyes are different from simple eyes.
Most animals have a biochemical 'clock' inside.
"More complex eyes give the full sense of vision, including color, motion, and texture."
Some people use abbreviations in their change summary.
Different signals use different codes.
Legal infringements come before issues with local inclusion policies.
"Few insects live in the oceans or in very cold places, such as Antarctica."
Bees also have a stinger at the back of the abdomen.
Insect respiration happens without lungs.
Insects start life as an egg.
"Many insects have complete metamorphosis, for example beetles, butterflies and moths, and flies."
Grasshoppers are one example of pest insects that eat plants in agriculture.
Bees make honey.
Many insects eat dead plants and animals.
Most public transport lets many people travel at the same time.
"Buses drive on the road, like cars do."
"Trolleybuses are like buses, but they use electricity from two wires above the road."
Trains run on a track and are very fast.
Many places use trams and trains as a form of public transport.
Public transport is also good for the environment.
Fewer cars make less pollution.
Stations are an important aspect of any public transportation system.
Younger people have the ability to hear lower and higher frequencies.
Performers playing in the professional band consider the concert band members as their job.
School bands refer to the groups consisting student players in school.
Every episode is about twenty two minutes long.
Gravity is the force that brings two objects together.
"Boots have an important role, because they are responsible of control and performance of the surfer."
World population begins to rise steadily.
Many people smuggle heroin and sell it illegally on the streets to make money.
"Addicted people become angry, violent or depressed."
Link is always the good guy.
Participants train hard for an event and always aim to better their results.
Cinnabar moths are day-flying insects.
Constitutionalism is the conduct of politics in accordance with a constitution.
Players use rackets to hit a shuttlecock over a net.
Cellphones have negative impacts in many ways.
Cellphones are also a source of distraction in class.
Cellphones have negative impacts on our daily activities.
Cellphones are also a source of distraction in class.
Subjects are superfluous.
Chemical warfare covers only direct attacks on human life.
Platelets are really 'thrombocytes'.
Patients often show autistic symptoms.
"Some pericyclic reactions go with heat, some go only with light."
Every skier goes down one time only.
Every skier still goes down once only.
Every skier goes down twice in the same day.
"Many English speakers pronounce it as , though the native pronunciation is ."
Females have between four and five eggs at a time.
Education is also an important sector of the city's economy.
Smoking is a 'risk factor' for getting asthma.
Red links are ok.
"Choirs usually sing in several parts, most often in four parts."
Tables show specific years in the context of a repeating sexagenary cycle.
"Locksmiths fix broken locks, make keys, and install security systems like alarms."
Ferromagnetism is the strongest one.
Reproductive hormones cause the cycles to start after puberty in sexually mature females.
Many people think that it is one of the best games ever.
Some words come from the Piedmontese language or Italian.
Spasms often happen many times over and over again.
Disambiguation pages are to distinguish between pages that exist here.
Computer networks are easy to control and program.
"Plutonium is also toxic, although it is less toxic than many people think."
Examples are churches and nightclubs.
"Men have a black suit, a white shirt and a white bow tie."
Men have a simple suit with a shirt of any colour and a tie.
Dubnium is a transactinide element.
"Some democracies have regional, provincial or state elections too."
Some people are long article writers and others a stub writers.
Some notable areas are as follows.
Steel is an alloy of carbon and iron.
Some characters age in real time.
Riders stop bad things before they happen.
"Many stories are about the link between writers, characters, and readers."
Different people write the stories.
Some residents still live in the area.
"Biodefense is defense against bioterrorism, often in the form of a vaccine or medicine."
Transport uses a lot of energy.
"Some roads have tolls, where people pay to use the road."
Old chairlifts are small and slow.
Article is just a bunch of speculations on the possible future success of the band.
Serial art is when an artist paints several pictures which all have something to do with each other.
Skinks are different from other lizards.
"Many skinks are carnivorous, which means they eat meat."
Agriculture is the profession of the most of the people.
People sometimes use arrow pushing to draw how electrons move around during a reaction.
Important words show the main themes in the prayer or song.
"Television broadcasting presents many different television programmes, one after another."
"Stone slabs slide into place, covering the dead."
Many British monarchs find it extremely heavy and difficult to wear.
Electrons orbit an atomic nucleus in the same kind of way that planets orbit stars.
"Covalent bonds are weaker than ionic bonds, and have a lower melting point."
"Article feels full now, without being unsimple."
Chloride is necessary for life.
Every player gets five cards.
People regularly measure their height in feet and inches.
Science is the only field to use metric measurements.
People use 'luggage' to carry their possessions when travelling.
Reproduction occurs exclusively through cell division.
Recruitment has many different steps.
People then send an application.
"Some companies go to consultants, who know where and how to find the best people."
"Most schists are mica schists, but graphite and chlorite schists are also common."
Alkynes are more reactive than usual hydrocarbons.
Alkynes are also easy to reduce to double bonds.
Males have four horns.
"World music can also be part of exhibitions, performances, and shows that travel the world."
World music mixing and jamming is a popular activity among musicians.
"People eat their meat, drink their milk, and use their fur and skin."
Domestic goats are smart and active.
Nuclear medicine uses radiation for the treatment of illnesses.
Some polymers are natural.
Many styrene molecules join together to make a polystyrene molecule.
Troubadours begin playing in Provence.
Seljuq dynasty starts.
Snow falls in the city of Baghdad.
"Crime is common in favelas, as many of the people have no other way to make money."
Esters are a very important functional group.
"Nucleophilic addition is also a good reaction, though a bit more difficult than with ketones."
"Infrared spectroscopy gives very sharp signals, which are different from other carbonyls."
"Most prepositions tell where or when, or show possession."
Some people earn medals to show how they are improving.
"Some people dance in couples, but also as a group, with everyone doing the same steps."
"People compete at many levels, but the basic division is between amateurs and professionals."
"Free kicks appear in many different ball sports, like association football."
Notability is very questionable.
Henry lives under the sea.
Tennis racquets come in different sizes and weights.
"Lace is very lightweight and open, and the patterns usually have many holes and frills."
Professionals usually have careers while people without a college education usually just have jobs.
"Ice climbers use special equipment like ice axes, ropes and crampons to climb ice and glaciers."
Companies sell fruit juice just like any other drink.
People are free to spend their volunteer time how they like.
Notability is the 'only' thing to use to judge articles.
Bullying affects the process of consensus-building.
Morning is usually cooler than afternoon.
Many people use the morning as a time to get ready for the day.
Many people also buy a morning newspaper to read about what is going on in the world.
Many people also find out about the news on the television or the radio.
People walk on a floor.
Gymnasts also perform an event on floor.
"Fish is very popular, but people also eat sea vegetables and pork."
Divers find out how slowly to come up by using decompression tables or a dive computer.
Green areas are the low-lying areas.
Children learn through play.
Petroleum has many thioethers in it as well.
Dimethyl sulfide is the simplest thioether.
Zoos have zookeepers and underkeepers.
Curators are subject-matter experts who act as managers.
Profit is private and individual.
Some people wear sprigs of shamrock in a buttonhole on the holiday.
"Sulfur has a double bond with the oxygen, and single bonds with the carbons."
Boards now take a straight path.
Doctors are still unclear about the condition.
"Brachiopods are superficially similar to bivalves, both having two shells."
Cocker spaniels are popular family pets.
Players defeat enemies and collect gems and powerups in order to increase their score.
Games take place inside of a cube.
Some trash falls out of peoples' cars when they are coming or going.
"Stories are about love, courtship, marriage, divorce, heartbreak and other aspects of romance."
Special brakes allow two trains to be on the lift at the same time.
"Members sit for six-year terms, with one third of the members retiring every two years."
Marine snow is the basis of much life on the ocean floor.
Sex creates variation in offspring.
Some bacteria use conjugation to transfer genetic material between bacteria.
Hermaphrodites produce both male and female gametes.
Some fish change sex over the course of their life.
Volume managers differ but some basic concepts exist across most versions.
Steatite is softer than most stones.
Friendship Is Magic.
All attributes are optional.
Ladders have two vertical supports that go along the whole length of the ladder.
Enols are tautomers of ketones or aldehydes.
Steric effects are usually smaller than electronic effects.
"Multivitamins contain multiple micronutrients, such as vitamins and dietary minerals."
"Multivitamins are available as tablets, capsules, pastilles, powders, liquids, and injections."
Some statements are from reliable sources.
Some people also speak Azerbaijani language.
"Many companies pay people to take a survey, but some are for free."
Mobile advertising is method of advertising via mobile phones or other mobile devices like tablets.
Today there are more mobile phones than TVs and computers in the world.
Life is full of suffering.
Special relativity says that every person has their own time.
British production is only for the military version.
Mills is openly gay.
Alliteration is a term that describes a literary stylistic device.
"Gizzards have a tougher lining, and muscles."
Many tourists visit during the summer months.
Condensation is an important part of the water cycle.
Condensation is vital in nature and is always the same as temperature and vapour pressure in nature.
Condensations occurs when water molecules slow down as they cool and change into a solid or liquid.
Condensation is the opposite of evaporation.
Air rises when cold air pushes hot air up.
Fluoridated water allows exchange in the teeth of fluoride ions for hydroxyl groups in apatite.
Symbolism creates quality aspects that make literature like poetry and novels more meaningful.
Cars enter the car park through a roadway that leads to the second floor.
Approach sounds reasonable.
Author keeps recreating the page.
Most people there are farmers.
People suffering from it also have mood problems like depression or mania.
Most bipolar children have attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder.
Portage is the county seat and largest city in the county.
Portage is the largest city outside of Dane County in the Madison Metropolitan Area.
Sunset Park is on the east end of Green Lake.
Printing is therefore the continuation of writing by mechanical means.
"Poetry uses the qualities of words, in different ways, to be artistic."
Literature usually means works of poetry and prose that are specially well written.
Many nannies live in their employers' home most of the days in the year.
"Examples are the bassoon, oboe and English horn."
"Some food is hard, for example meat, apple."
Ground meat is soft and so is apple sauce.
Municipality is indeed controversial.
Average temperatures are very constant all the year.
Creditors expect the borrower to pay the money back at a later time.
Bookmakers are very popular in UK and Ireland.
Some people fall sick as well due to the polluted air.
Modules also generalize the idea of abelian group.
Abelian groups are modules over the ring of integers.
Biologists prefer to talk about the cytoplasm and the cell nucleus.
Some linguists treat it as a distinct language.
"Some companies hire paralegals instead of lawyers, because they are less expensive to hire."
Most paralegals go to school for two to four years.
Blossoms come out in spring at the same time that the leaves begin to bud.
Every carpel has one to three seeds.
Nuts are still a symbol of fertility in Southwest England.
Different cultivars are available for temperate and subtropical climates.
Cider apples are usually too tart to eat immediately.
Modern apples are usually sweeter than older cultivars.
People use a textbook to learn facts and methods about a certain subject.
Treatment involves the elimination of the insect.
Second stage means that the cyclone is strengthening.
Most batteries are chemical cells.
"Articles cover different levels of geography, from continents to districts of a city."
Jackdaws are omnivorous and opportunistic.
"Jackdaws are monogamous and build simple nests of sticks in cavities in trees, cliffs, or buildings."
Gender roles are dependent on the culture and history of the society that they are part of.
Players go around on boards collecting coins and stars.
Powers are also dyadic.
Polyphenic pigmentation is adaptive for species which reproduce several times a year.
Juvenile arthritis is autoimmune.
Lenses have three main shapes.
Female capuchins have linear dominance hierarchies.
Males are typically dominant to females.
Some populations also use trees or other hard surfaces as anvils in order to crack mollusks.
Dominant males avoid breeding with their own daughters who are members of the troop.
Most births happen during the dry season.
Enzymes have names which show what they do.
Biochemists often draw a picture of an enzyme to use as a visual aid or map of the enzyme.
Most drugs are chemicals that either speed up or slow down some enzyme in the human body.
Water molecules join in and make the cleavage in a fraction of a second.
Kids kiss adults' hands.
People forgive each other and families meet together.
Many migratory animals use the magnetic poles when they travel long distances each spring and fall.
Migratory animals know their locations by the intensity of the field.
Snow falls during blizzards or snowstorms.
Horn clauses play a basic role in constructive logic and computational logic.
Dopamine has many jobs and responsibilities in the brain.
Scientists think dopamine controls movement and the human sense of punishment and reward.
"Dopamine affects dreams, motivation, and sexual gratification, too."
Machine code is what assemble code.
Assembler languages are simpler than opcodes.
Many modern processors use microcode for some of the commands.
More complex commands tend to use it.
Most instructions have one or more opcode fields.
Invasive species are a big problem with prairies.
Garlic mustard is another.
"Players try to live life as a toon, playing games and making new friends."
Intermediates usually stay around for a little time because they are very reactive.
Some countries are very protective of their air space.
Some species go feral easily and successfully.
Feral cats are pests in both rural and urban areas.
Feral animals compete for food with domestic livestock.
People exaggerate things because they have strong feelings about something.
Sexual reproduction takes place when a sperm fertilizes an egg.
Bees then gather the honeydew and toxic honey is the result.
Women love buying free-sized legging and socks.
Ritual insults are part of many cultures.
People have a better understanding of how they influence the company's success.
Many plans often have a year-end reserve fund to account for deficit periods.
All employees are eligible for plan payments.
Wars happen all the time between the two groups.
Research suggests it is one of the most unique dialects in the United States.
"Cooper now lives in Kingston, Massachusetts."
People think it is one of the most beautiful universities in China.
Levels also have one secret star.
"Examples are rain gauges, speedometers and pressure gauges."
"Innate immunity starts with the skin, which is an excellent barrier to infection."
Immunology is a science that examines the structure and function of the immune system.
Honeypot ants belong to any of five genera.
Motion sensors have many uses including security.
"Most humans have two arms each, coming out of their body just below the neck."
Arrows have a sharp point at one end and usually a flight at the other end.
"Petunias are perennial plants, meaning the survive many years."
Players have to find power-ups to get to new areas.
Potential infinity is a process that never stops.
Actual infinity is a more abstract idea.
Infinity times any negative number is negative infinity.
Earthquakes also damage the highway.
European nations agree to forbid human cloning.
All libraries have wireless access.
Norse mythology is a version of the older northern Germanic mythology.
Beetles have a pair of hard shells which cover their true wings.
Capsules are containers that hold a single item.
Players are able to change their vehicle by using different parts.
Scandinavian pancakes are similar to British pancakes.
Nitro compounds are very explosive.
Serb troops besiege Sarajevo.
Creatine is already in the body as a natural substance.
Cyclic compounds are very important.
Some dominoes have a  side that is blank.
All scientists do that.
Japan consists of many islands.
More people live in the Atlanta metropolitan area than any other metro area in Georgia.
Different languages have different rules for sorting.
Most music is in a particular 'key'.
Haddocks are important fish for the fishing industry.
"Apes are also primates, and are the nearest animal relations to humans."
"Humans are bipedal, which means they walk on two legs."
Humans have a long period of development after birth.
Many animals use signs and sounds to communicate with each other.
Humans use more technology than any other animal on Earth ever has.
"Humans use education and teaching to pass on skills, ideas and customs to the next generations."
Humans are part of the animal kingdom.
Humans belong to the order of primates.
Most people live in towns and cities.
Humans have a large effect on the world.
Modern humans can also have their hair in many different colours by using dye.
Psychology is the study of how the human mind works.
Humans have the most complicated languages on Earth.
Human language is much more complicated than any other species.
"Art represents how someone feels in the form of a painting, a sculpture or a photograph."
Music represents how the people who are playing the music feel.
Humans often categorize themselves by race or ethnicity.
Human races are questionable as valid biological categories.
"Religion is a belief in a higher being, spirit, or any system of ideas a group of people believe in."
Technology are the things and methods which humans use to make tasks easier.
Modern wars are very different from wars a thousand or even a hundred years ago.
"Modern war involves sabotage, terrorism, propaganda, and guerrilla warfare."
"Leaves photosynthesise, making sugars."
Scientists think that more types of animals and plants live in the jungles than everywhere else.
Alpine skiing is a winter sport.
"Skiers also wear special boots, helmets, ski suits, and goggles."
Skiers move between gates in the downhill.
Skiers often wear extra protective equipment when racing in slalom.
Skin grafts are a common example.
"Sandpipers have long bodies and legs, and narrow wings."
"Most species have a narrow bill, but otherwise the form and length are quite variable."
Light is electromagnetic radiation that is in the form of a wave.
Rainbows show the entire spectrum of visible light.
Every color of light has a different wavelength.
People think of objects as having color.
"Seminal fluid has proteins, enzymes, fructose, mucus, vitamin C and flavins."
Silence is consent.
Most waders live in wetland or coastal environments.
Rain is a kind of precipitation.
Rain is part of the water cycle.
Relief rain is also a very dense and cold mixture of precipitation.
Modern critics brush the series off.
Some critics respond positively to the series's presentation of Cold War and capitalist themes.
Rains are frequent the whole year.
Parameters are colour and text.
Luthiers tend to fix electric violins as well.
Many people gamble for fun and entertainment.
Full documentation is available here.
More examples are below.
Cartographers are people who make maps.
Marriage ends with the death of either person.
Some societies recognize polygamy and polyandry.
Chemists use it to remove a material from a solid.
Chemists use a solvent such as ether or alcohol in the extractor.
Players use a wooden ball.
"Players take part in competition one at a time, in twos or in groups."
"Electrons take part in gravitational, electromagnetic and weak interactions."
Electrons have the smallest electrical charge.
Dreams happen when people sleep.
Nightmares are dreams which scare or shock people.
Every person has different dreams.
Chilean cuisine shows the country's topographical variety.
Tennis is Chile's most successful sport.
Rodeo is the country's national sport.
Basketball is a popular sport.
"Outlaw clubs celebrate freedom, nonconformity to mainstream culture, and loyalty to the biker group."
Embassies are most often in the capital of the foreign country.
Lesbians are also part of women's rights.
Theories claim that the two gods' roles in mythology are the moon's phases.
Some people suggest replacing the income tax with a larger sale tax.
Libertarians are against all taxes or against high taxes.
Black hair carries extreme amounts of eumelanin and is less dense than the other hair colors.
Black people have hair that is naturally curly and dry.
Snow does fall sometimes in North Florida.
Palm trees grow in places that have a warm climate and a lot of sunshine.
Plants regulate their intake and loss of gases via a cellular automaton mechanism.
Fruits are hallucinogens exciting the nervous system.
"Most bodies are embalmed, if they have to be on display or lie in state for a funeral."
Some people taxiderm their pets after they die.
Players face criminal charges.
Humans look similar to human beings.
"Dwarves are short, scruffy, and enjoy their liquor."
Night elves are tall and muscular.
"Goblins are short, ugly, and green."
Mages wear cloth armor and are very vulnerable to melee damage.
Warlocks wear cloth armor and are vulnerable to melee damage.
Priests wear cloth and are vulnerable to melee damage.
Dungeons are also open to people who are still leveling.
"People usually throw away their old laptops, cameras, computers, cell phones and televisions."
Most countries have methods to combat e waste and find a use for obsolete technology.
Boysenberries are a crossbreed between raspberries and blackberries.
Clues have to be one word.
"Stress happens every day, and it is part of every living thing's normal life."
"Stress plays a part in some physical problems, like heart disease."
Newborns are much smaller than most other newborns.
Females are three times more likely than males to get rosacea.
Pimples often happen during adolescence or puberty.
"Japan is a group of islands in the Western Pacific, off the coast of China."
People mostly travel between cities in buses.
"Japan has many traditional sports such as sumo, judo, karate, taido and kendo."
"Water scarcity has negative affects on ecology, biodiversity, agriculture and human health."
"Japan is east of China, Saudi Arabia is east of Egypt, and Sweden is east of Norway."
Fools choose to learn only from their own mistakes.
Some trombones have a valve which increases the range of available notes.
Most bands have only one bass trombonist.
Population density is the average number of people in a place.
Snow comes in all different shapes and sizes.
Link is be able to move between levels to solve puzzles and get through the dungeons.
Article now has plenty of acceptable references and more indication of notability.
Nerve cells use electricity to transmit information.
"Special adaptations exists to research sleep, for example the length of sleep rhythms."
"Themes are love and romance, murder, and cruelty to animals."
"Cartilage acts as a barrier, preventing the entry of lymphocytes or diffusion of immunoglobulins."
Technology companies come here to host previews of their products and announce new products.
Amnesia is a problem with remembering things.
Voting is one way to elect a president.
Companies have presidents.
Most permafrost is on land close to the North and South poles.
Various regions carry different laws and regulations on liquor stores.
Students usually do individual projects in order to move towards graduation.
Many students choose a faculty committee whose members have the same interests as they do.
All students are a member of a college.
Corrosion also occurs when an acidic or basic material touches another material.
Agreements are common in law and business.
Clouds form when the atmosphere can no longer hold all the invisible air vapor.
Warm air holds more water vapor than cool air.
Clouds are heavy.
Water vapor affects weather conditions.
"Water vapor weighs less than air, which is part of the reason clouds float high in the sky."
Water vapor is transparent.
Water vapor is a big cause of the greenhouse effect.
Some people think it supports terrorism.
Liquids become solid by freezing.
"Most metals are strong, dense, and good conductors of both electricity and heat."
Soprano is also a crime boss for many criminal organizations.
Many bus routes go to the mall area.
All parameters are optional.
Some liquids evaporate more quickly than others.
Different liquids evaporate at different temperatures.
Evaporation is a very essential part of the water cycle.
Evaporation is vital in nature and is always the same as temperature and vapour pressure in nature.
Some states get more food assistance than other states.
Centipedes are predators.
Many schizoids are asexual.
Free County becomes subject to the Holy Roman Empire.
Faces make a big impact.
Many people do Let's Play videos as a series of videos showing a play-through of a video game.
Countries treat COs in various ways.
"Coloured pencils are a type of pencil that instead of greyish silver, the tip is different colors."
Irish dancing is a fun art and sport.
"Some grills use charcoal or wood, and other grills use propane gas to cook the food."
Most people use a grill more in the summer time when it is hot outside.
Different substances form different types of crystals.
Direct democracy makes decisions by majority rule.
Revolutions are usually political in their nature.
Men use hand and body gestures to direct flight operations on aircraft carriers.
Many animals communicate extensively using such behaviours.
"Comparative advantages result from the difference of a single econmomic factor, that is labor."
"Concentrated solutions oxidize a methyl group on an aromatic ring, e.g. toluene to benzoic acid."
Veblen goods are often also positional goods.
Children develop at different levels.
Children get knowledge in life and fill up the blank paper.
Guilt is the primary way that the superego tells children the rules of what is right and wrong .
Every stage has a problem between two different feelings.
Children learn to work with others out of the family.
Young adults make relationships with others.
Children are likely to model behavior if the model is of the same-sex.
Schemas are ways of making sense of experience.
Schemas get more complex as the child gets older.
"Images are pictures in the mind of objects, people and spaces."
Children use adaptation by changing  schemas to fit the world.
Children also learn language in the preoperational stage.
Logical thought uses reason when thinking.
Language is important because it is how adults pass on ideas to children.
Children talk to both others and themselves.
Scaffolding happens when a teacher is helping a child.
Females are almost twice as likely to suffer from specific phobias as males.
Logic helps people decide whether something is true or false.
Silkworms eat mulberry leaves.
Silkworms are very hungry.
Lactose inhibits the repressor.
"Promoters are near the genes they transcribe, on the same strand of DNA and upstream."
Promoters are critical elements which work in concert with other regulatory regions.
Death Valley is a part of the Mojave Desert.
Death Valley has many famous and unusual geographical features in it.
Salt flats are very unusual.
Death Valley is still very dry.
Parasitic wasps are extremely varied in their habits.
Some caterpillars bite wasps that approach it.
Football is a popular sport in Austria.
References are either unreliable or full of fluff.
Musical genres range from hip hop to house music.
Alcoholic beverages are under different regulations around the world.
"Weapons are generally torpedoes, missiles, mines, and light rockets."
Weapons are generally torpedoes and mines.
"Most species kill their hosts, though some cause the hosts to become sterile and less active."
Lips also show emotions.
"Amino acids are necessary to make proteins, an important part of the human body."
Symptoms vary from person to person.
River Valley has a soft surface.
Blood pressure is higher in arteries than it is in other blood vessels.
Most users write a little bit about themselves and their interests on their user page.
Some people are bosses and some are workers.
Wood survives much less well than the other materials such as stone and bronze.
Inflammation is a common result of cytokine production.
Tornadoes also appear regularly in southern Canada during the Northern Hemisphere's summer season.
Gillies is also a vegan.
Names are in order of elimination from the competition.
More complex fossils appear later.
Physical geography is about the processes and patterns in the natural environment.
Secondary storage includes hard drives.
Tourism is an important part of the economy of Azerbaijan.
Closed change is a basic figure in the Waltz.
Advanced dancers hold the frame wider and higher than social dancers.
Administrators know what they are doing.
"Hurricanes are probably OK there, too."
Translations are available.
Animal is the page and Animalia is the redirect.
Translations are available.
More comments are welcome.
Agriculture is an important part of the economy of Azerbaijan.
Some people dress in traditional formal raceday clothing.
Lip balm comes in tubes and small pots with screw-on lids.
"Many animals eat faeces, either their own or that of other animal groups."
Emigration still contains a problem.
"Trains run very often, and carry a lot of passengers."
Factories are in Italy and the United Kingdom.
Plans exist to use Zeppelins to lift heavy weights.
Plants make their own carbohydrates during photosynthesis.
"Some people swim there, including in winter time."
Several religions forbid homosexuality or bisexuality.
Voting is by the optional preferential system.
Shooting is the third most popular sport in the Czech Republic.
Winter sports are also very popular.
All roads crossing the highway go over a bridge or a tunnel.
Ramps connect the highways to smaller roads and other highways.
Sole content is a single infobox.
Racial separatists are against their members marrying with other races.
Most polymers are organic compounds.
Dairy farming is a prominent activity.
Chowders are thick soups usually containing some type of starch.
References are self-serving.
Some power stations use natural gas in a gas turbine.
Green colors come from special algae.
Scientists use it to tell how much table salt there is in water.
Energy means something has the ability to cause change.
Adult shrimp are filter feeding benthic animals that live close to the bottom.
"Most crabs live in sea-water, but there are some who live in fresh water, and some who live on land."
Crabs have very short tails.
"Some crabs also live in fresh water, or live completely on land."
"Crabs are omnivores, they eat almost anything they find."
True crabs appear in the fossil record in the Lower Jurassic.
"Toenails are similar, except that they grow four times slower and are on the toes."
Some people paint their nails to make themselves look nicer.
"Most crustaceans are aquatic, mostly marine."
"Most crustaceans are mobile, but some become sessile after their larval stage."
Crustaceans have three major body parts.
Most organisms are motile.
Every article has a talk page.
Every user has their own.
"Gophers have long front teeth, tiny features, and short tails."
Some gophers are really ground squirrels or marmots.
Warts contain tissue that bleeds easily.
All acids are caustic.
"Lateral lines are vital for schooling, predation, and orientation."
Some audio devices use transformers for impedance matching.
Foreign operators are Israel and South Korea.
Players have to build a transport for the pigs.
Hearses are usually black or gray.
Players have to replace the gems and connect three gems of the same color.
People make a hole deep in the ground and then take oil from the hole.
Oil wells are useful for getting oil.
People visit the stores in the mall to shop.
Most malls have a food court.
Food courts are areas where people buy food.
Some malls have movie theatres.
People wear special shoes to skate on ice.
Ice skates have narrow pieces of metal on the bottom of the shoes.
Professionals compete in ice skating competitions.
"Ice rinks have ice on the floor if they are inside, and on the ground if they are outside."
Ice rinks are places for people to play ice hockey and to go ice skating.
Teams of people slide heavy stones with handles down the ice toward targets under the ice.
People go roller skating at roller rinks.
"Females have a sting, which they use for piercing and egg laying."
"Some solitary wasps make galls, which are abnormal growths on plants."
Some people have a very marked local reaction to a wasp sting.
Bans are permanent.
Bracket fungi are usually tough and sturdy.
"Colour comes from iron oxide, copper carbonate or cobalt carbonate."
"Examples are generosity, self-sacrifice, worship and the use of sex for pleasure."
Identical twins make the perfect donors for each other because they are genetically identical.
Palladium has similar chemistry to platinum.
Many celebrities use beauty products.
Much health care exists to help people who are suffering.
Volcanoes are an endogenous process.
Endogenous processes cause many major landform features.
Many exogenous forces are as a result of other bodies in space.
"Erosion happens as a result of wind, water, ice, or people, animals, or plants digging in the Earth."
Trout tickling' is the art of rubbing the underbelly of a trout using fingers.
Rice is the secondary crop.
Most selenium compounds are colorless.
Some coal has selenium in it.
Selenium is a trace element in the human body.
Selenium deficiency is rare.
Some selenium compounds are very toxic and harmful to things that live in water.
Germanium forms a large number of organometallic compounds.
People usually eat pupusas at breakfast and dinner.
Sclerophyllous plants occur in many parts of the world.
Wildfires often occur.
Many people see Managua as one of the safest cities in America to live in.
People are still able to go searching for gold in the park.
"Timber is a pale pink to pinkish brown colour, often with distinctive light grey streaks."
Valleys often start as a downward fold between two upward folds in the surface of the Earth.
Many farms are in valleys that are in hilly land.
"Some valleys are almost flat, like a large saucer."
Many people work at the mill.
People eat curtido with pupusas.
"Players go around boards by hitting dice, and play minigames."
Nobody wants that.
String theories have a coupling constant.
Democracy is a work of art'.
Players take turns forming words on the board.
Dragonflies are natural predators of mosquitoes.
Ableism is prejudice towards disabled people.
Some people say that ableism is a form of oppression.
Some people deny that ableism exists.
Ableism takes many forms around the world.
Disabled people are often victims of abuse.
Bullying happens to people of all ages.
Motivation is the purpose or psychological cause of an action.
Sugarcane grows in warm and tropical climates.
Nothing is personal here.
Journalists sensationalize stories to get attention.
Long Island is in the eastern time zone.
Disabled spaces are usually close to the front of a lot.
"Parking lots are usually near businesses, hospitals, government buildings, schools, zoos, etc."
Some steep hills are the remains of volcanoes.
Ski boots keep the feet of skiers warm.
Medical encyclopedias are a good example.
Many professional musicians aim to become multi-instrumentalists.
Skiers follow the guide skier in the biathlon.
"Granaries usually have few, if any, windows."
"Summer is wet, windy and dry winter."
Hawaiian religion is animistic.
Hawaiian mythology includes the creation stories and legends about the gods.
Chubs have their own social clubs.
Mountains are close to the coast so that most of the landscape is mountainous.
Hoarders believe that they take care for their pets usually.
Newspaper reporters write news articles and stories for newspapers.
Current numbers are even higher.
"Huskies show a balance of power, speed and endurance."
Male huskies are usually thicker in appearance than female huskies.
Most scientists think of it as pseudoscience.
Water pollution is a problem for the species and biological communities there.
Golden moles resemble moles.
Some aviaries are large enough for birds to fly some distance.
Many zoos have aviaries.
Article is a resume anyway.
Meteors are lumps of rock which are floating about in space.
Most meteors are only tiny specks of dust.
"Spyware is software that collects some data, usually without the computer users' knowledge."
"Humans have various steps during their lives, such as zygote, embryo, child and adult."
"Counselors help people with things like career development, anger management, health and lifestyle."
Schools often have counselors to help students there.
Nepalese people have several festivals that they celebrate each year.
"Botanists use the word to mean any plant with soft, succulent tissues."
Herbs are small plants that have a fleshy or juicy stem when they are young.
Most herbs are perennials.
Some herbs are annuals.
People often grow herbs in their gardens.
Some cats create litterboxes in places like playgrounds and sandpits.
Many web services provide free one-click hosting for image files.
"Content is meaningful, but is really notes for an article, rather than an article."
Puck has some amazing abilities.
Humans also use language for thinking.
"New words appear, new form of saying things, new accentuations."
Some people consider musical notation to be a way of writing the musical language.
Tourism is important to the local economy.
Benzodiazepines are very addictive.
Radium is radioactive.
All questions are multiple choice with four possible answers.
Contestants use keypads to lock in their answers.
Questions start at one point each.
Every question is worth one point.
Puck plays tricks.
Titania falls asleep.
Search reveals no grounds for notability.
Linear actuators are actuators that move in a straight line.
Some animals use venom to kill another animal that they are going to eat.
Some animals use venom to protect themselves.
False prophets are the opposite of prophets.
Slug is from Minnesota.
Several religions have a system of monasteries.
Christian monasteries have a chapel for the monks to worship.
Few monks live isolated lives nowadays.
Ice sheets are larger than ice shelves or alpine glaciers.
Classic examples are Australian marsupials and the Great American Interchange.
Phylogeny explains why some adaptation is less than perfect.
"Some people create characters for themselves such as zombie brides, clowns, or mad scientists."
Effigies are common elements in art of the dead.
Antimony trichloride is a colorless and soft solid that has a strong odor.
Antimony trioxide is a white solid that dissolves a little in water.
Naturopaths mostly use holistic forms of treatment.
Many naturopaths reject modern science.
Translations are available.
Translations are available.
Seas are part of an ocean.
Translations are available.
Translations are available.
Translations are available.
Translations are available.
"Red links are good, red links are very very important as they encourage article creation."
Translations are available.
Translations are available.
Translations are available.
Translations are available.
Liberalization is also about offering interesting taxes to companies.
Optimists believe that the world is generally a positive place to be in.
Several contemporaries make reference to the trial and execution.
Districts serve much the same role as stakes.
More men go on missions than women do.
"Haitian food is mostly of African origin, including the names of the food."
Images here are often in the form of a box with two letters inside of it.
"Moles have velvety, soft fur."
Positive discrimination is illegal in many countries.
Most high schools meet notability so colleges definitely do.
Most trematodes have a complex life cycle with at least two hosts.
Some songs are favorites.
Triglycerides are the main molecules that make up vegetable oil and animal fats.
Most studies recognise London and New York City as the two most important global cities.
Lets take the peacock for example.
Most alternators use a rotating magnetic field with a stationary armature.
"Topo maps are usually very detailed, with a large scale."
Rings are similar structures to that of integers.
Selfishness is the opposite of selflessness.
Some people have bad humor and make nominations twice with the same arguments.
"Batteries contain metals such as lead, copper or zinc."
"Some sinks come with a soap dispenser, which gives out soap to help clean things."
Clubs vary widely with regard to whether they enforce their rules or ignore any violations.
Most strip clubs are also bars which serve alcohol.
Some people are against strip clubs.
Interest is like a fee for getting to use someone else's money for a set time period.
Some restaurants charge a service charge and add it onto the bill.
Many colleges stop allowing students to drop a class a week or two after the first midterm exam.
Midterm exams can also show how well a teacher is doing in teaching their class.
Some teachers give more than one midterm exam.
Bike rage is similar to road rage.
Some people use their shed to do hobbies or as a workshop.
Some sheds are small open-sided structures with tin rooves.
Students start with simple poses and move on to more complex ones.
Feelings are internal because they happen inside of a person's body.
Radical behaviorism is a more moderate form of behaviorism.
Respondent behavior is behavior that is involuntary.
ABA relies on technological treatments because they are universal.
Operant behavior is the opposite of respondent behavior.
Some antecedents make a behavior more likely to happen.
Behavior analysts have to use experimental variables to prove the cause of a behavior.
Social reinforcement is one of the best types of positive reinforcement.
Social reinforcers are things that have social value or meaning.
Token reinforcers are similar to money.
Behavior analysts decide which reinforcement schedule is best.
Different schedules are useful for different things.
Extinction is a way to decrease rates of problem behavior.
Reinforcement produces long-lasting results and is better for the person.
Positive punishment is the 'addition' of an stimulus that decreases the chances of future responses.
Verbal prompts are instructions that the teacher gives to the learner.
Verbal prompts are useful for teaching new behaviors.
Physical prompts are the strongest kind of prompts.
Strong prompts are harder to fade.
Successive approximations are improvements that bring a person closer to the terminal behavior.
Successive approximations are small steps that help the person reach their end goal.
ABA relies on data to make decisions about behavior.
Indirect measures compare one person's behaviors to other people's behaviors.
Frequency is how often a behavior happens.
Behavior analysts use frequency data to determine rate of response.
Interval recording breaks the observation time into smaller pieces.
Time sampling methods are a little different from frequency and interval methods.
Functional analyses use data collection to prove the reason for problem behaviors.
FAs improve behavioral interventions for two reasons.
Linear algebra uses matrices.
Some people are allergic to penicillin.
Some people build a permanent screens and speakers.
Natural gas is much less dangerous.
Recent research shows that lithium lowers the risk of suicide for people with bipolar disorder.
Feedback allows an individual to control and adjust their goals in a more reasonable manner.
Goals have strong motivational effects.
Battles take place in many towns and cities across the country.
Contract law sets rules on agreements to buy and sell items and services.
"Most legislatures have two chambers or houses, a 'lower house' and an 'upper house'."
"Bureaucrats work within a system of rules, and they make their decisions in writing."
Lawyers give people advice about their legal rights and duties and represent people in court.
"Lawyers work in a law firms, for the government, for companies, or by themselves."
Private speech takes place when children talk to themselves.
Children use make-believe play to test multiple skills and achieve important cultural abilities.
Hipsters listen to independent music and alternative music.
Hipster wear vintage clothes and thrift store clothes.
Hipsters believe in progressive or independent politics.
Proximity means treat the casualties close to the front line.
Brevity is the initial rest period.
Immediacy is essential for treatment.
Scripture is important to the development of sports psychology.
"Fruits are carbohydrates, like sugar, dairy, grains, and starches."
"Some examples are candy, soft drinks, cake, pie and ice cream."
"Some vegetables are spinach, carrots, onions, peppers, and broccoli."
Harmonics are a mathematical way of describing distortion to a voltage or current's waveform.
Coal miners remove the soil above the coal.
"Underground mining is when the coal is farther underground, making it too expensive to remove soil."
Different traditions celebrate Bonfire Night on different days.
Many cathedrals have gargoyles.
Lions appear in heraldry more often than any other animal.
Most big towers are lattice structures.
Military engineers handle explosives and arrange intentional explosions during the wartime.
Tellurium is an unreactive element.
Tellurides are normally the main ore of tellurium.
Tellurium is a very rare mineral.
Indium looks like zinc.
Predictability makes it possible to explain and understand behavior.
Types are discontinuous categories that have qualitative differences.
Traits are stable qualities in people that have continuous dimensions and quantitative differences.
Motives are another important factor to consider when studying the personality.
Implicit assessments are another method of studying the personality.
Case studies are another important method in studying the personality.
Psychophysiological methods are ways of studying the personality by observing the physical body.
Mitosis happens in all types of cells in the human body except with sperm and ova cells.
Blindfolds make it impossible to see.
Bus ride through the zoo where various animals wandering around freely.
Car rentals are subject to many conditions which vary from one brand to another.
Unconscious desires motivate people to act accordingly.
Unconscious desires motivate people to act accordingly.
Girls become jealous of their mothers and begin to feel desire towards their fathers.
Instincts act by giving vitality and enthusiasm to the mind through meaning and purpose.
Moral anxiety comes from the superego.
Totemism is a means of preventing incest and as a ritual reminder of murder of the father.
Some people mistake other needs for physiological needs.
Some people value creativity over everything else.
Some theorists argue that the levels of the hierarchy are out of order in terms of necessity.
Dreams are things that happen when people sleep.
"Every voter has two votes, one for a person and one for a party."
Japan uses a mix of Chinese characters and native phonetic script.
Climate is different from one part of the world to another.
"Some areas are hot all the year, and some are cold."
Some areas are dry all the year and others are wet.
Most areas have climates that are warm or hot in the summer and cool or cold in the winter.
People still use Aztec symbols in Mexico.
Cities have different groups.
Japan uses a mix of Chinese characters and native phonetic script.
Some springs produce water that is good for health reasons.
Californium is a transuranic element.
Advocates receive training on the laws of child abuse and neglect.
Covalent bonds form when atoms share electrons.
Different languages have different terms for the same concept.
All races have their own shops.
All races have new units.
Curium is a transuranic element.
Kowtow means kneeling and knocking one's head onto the ground.
Linear regression has many practical uses.
Some people think that bisexual people are heterosexual or homosexual people who are confused.
Radical feminists say that society is a patriarchy.
Many people dislike radical feminism a lot.
"Angular momentum changes with the mass and shape of the object, and with how fast it is turning."
Some people use propofol for fun.
Private schools are often more expensive than other schools.
Many bases react with acids and precipitate salts.
Metastases are more common.
Anal cancer is typically a squamous cell carcinoma that arises near the squamocolumnar area.
Genetic analysis shows that essentially colon and rectal tumours are genetically the same cancer.
Duplexes are usually two-unit buildings.
Some duplexes have basements.
Plotters use vector graphics.
"Plotters print things using special, colored pens."
Neon tetras are sturdy and inexpensive and easy to look after.
Plantation has a museum.
Egocentrism is different from both egoism and narcissism.
Egocentric people are often unable to fully understand or to cope with other people's opinions.
Many authors claim to be professional accountants and teachers of accountancy.
Accounting scholarship studies the theory of accountancy.
Ornithomimids are a sister group to the troodontids.
Xenon is a belongs to the group of the noble gases.
Noble gases are very unreactive.
Consumers are animals that eat producers or other animals.
Bacteriology is a division of microbiology.
Transposons are only one of several types of mobile genetic elements.
Transposons are mutagens.
Interest can also be the care or concern that someone has for something or someone.
Physicists often use the letter 'c' to denote the speed of light.
Neutrinos also travel at the speed of light.
"Victims are more likely to be male, young or teenage."
"Classic physics explains most physical interactions, like why a ball bounces when it drops."
People usually become pescetarians for reasons of health.
Denial is usually the first state of coping with loss.
Jazz fusion mixes jazz with rock.
Tourists come mainly to relax.
Bassists typically use the index and middle finger.
High notes sound very short and dry.
Translations are available.
Comments are welcome.
"Criminal law wants to protect certain values, such as life and limb, or property."
"Loan sharks tend to ask for something beforehand anyway, like someone's passport for reference."
Loan sharks are mostly illegal.
Climbers climb up and down the cable with cargo.
Climbers cover a wide range of designs.
Current materials are already sufficiently strong to construct such an elevator.
Different calendars add the extra month in different ways.
Notes are different sizes depending on their value.
Trials are different in places where the laws are different.
Melting point is the temperature at which a solid changes to liquid.
All vertebrates have brains.
"Mammals also have an extra layer, the neocortex."
Afferent neurons carry information from tissues and organs into the central nervous system.
Sensory neurons carry signals from sense organs to the spinal cord and brain.
Some dragonflies are capable of rapid shifts in direction.
"People also eat doughnuts as a dessert, or as a snack."
All planes are flat surfaces.
Degree is a standard unit.
People usually use a protractor to measure and draw angles.
Most episodes are about catching a bounty.
Some episodes are about the characters' pasts and lives.
"Ills have no weight, and tears no bitterness."
Most music studios have a piano and a mirror.
Many recordings become works of art in themselves.
"Leaves are mostly deciduous, only very few alders are evergreen."
Some people think depression is a different emotion.
Expectation is more neutral.
Animals often use their horns for fighting one another.
"Fighter planes are fundamentally much less stable, and have to be in order to jink about."
"Periodic comets have a special place in astronomy, because their orbits are often the same."
People are nomads for many reasons.
Psilocybin changes certain things in the brain.
Nuclear fusion is more powerful than chemical reactions such as fire.
Solar prominences come in many different shapes and sizes.
Some acids are strong and others are weak.
More reactive acids are often more dangerous.
Acids are important.
"Some white dwarfs are blue, instead of white."
"People often use beaches as a place to swim, to work on their tan, or just to relax."
Many people have depression.
"Depression comes from the brain, but scientists are still trying to find out exactly why it happens."
Many antidepressant medication works to balance the amount of serotonin in the brain.
Ununpentium is in the center of the theoretical island of stability.
"Physical accidents are things like collisions, injuries, and falling."
Work accidents happen while an someone is working.
Tacos are popular in the United States.
Euphoniums are basically silver and brass in colour.
People usually think medical treatment helps sick people to get healthy.
Lemons taste sour.
Hydraulic lifts are usually slower than traction lifts.
Lifts are a candidate for mass customization.
Most libraries are public and let people take the books to use in their home.
Most libraries let people borrow books for several weeks.
Public libraries have stories and books about lots of things.
Many public libraries have books and CDs about learning English.
Librarians help people find books and information.
"Alcohol is colorless, and also transparent."
Alcohols are very weakly acidic.
"Arteries bringing blood to the penis get wider, bringing more blood to the penis."
Semen moves through the urethra and comes out of the hole at the tip of the penis.
Some penises grow more when they get hard than other penises.
Some men have the foreskin cut off because they want to change how their penis looks.
"Most parts are uninhabited, but some people manage to survive in places where there is water."
Metallic minerals are very important to most Saharan countries.
Pythons are reptiles without limbs.
"Ribosomes are in the main body of the cell, but DNA is only in the nucleus of the cell."
Married people consult with their husband or wife to solve difficulties in the marriage.
"Bread is an important part of life in many countries, because so many people eat it."
Many people climb Mt. Fuji every year.
Elbow strikes to the head and face.
Most volcanoes have a volcanic crater at the top.
Gonadotropins are hormones that tell the testicles to make sperm or the uterus to release an egg.
Some people also add onions and cheese.
"Analytical chemistry looks at the qualities of substances, and their composition."
Males are bigger than females.
"Stoats are long and thin with short legs, small ears, and thick warm fur."
"Stoats have a good sense of smell, and they talk and hunt using smell."
"Stoats live in temperate, subarctic northern areas."
Stoats live alone and are territorial.
"More advanced operations involve exponents, starting with squares and square roots."
Many math problems are about physics and engineering.
Some radio antennas are in the shape of dishes.
Wine is a popular beverage in Italy.
Opera helps protect against computer viruses.
Orange trees have dark green shiny leaves and small white flowers with five petals.
Oranges are an important food source in many parts of the world for several reasons.
Oranges are also a very good source of dietary fibre.
Orange trees are a symbol of love and marriage in many cultures.
Orange blossoms are often part of the decoration on a wedding cake.
"Onions have bulbs, which are edible, in most species."
Onions are sometimes roasted whole.
Nihilists believe that there are no true morals.
Atherosclerosis is a form of heart disease.
Cuticles are usually tough but also bendable.
Tourism is the biggest source of Corsican economy.
"Cheerleaders perform routines that include dancing, tumbling, cheering, stunting and jumping."
Plants make nectar to attract pollinating animals.
Some plants make nectar outside the flower.
Pointers find birds then stand still and point at where the bird is.
"Police officers patrol on trains and stations, and police posts are available at some stations."
Octopus card is a contact-less smart card.
Employers interview people trying to get a job to find out if they are a good person for the job.
Secondary cells are rechargeable.
Swiss cheese is famous for having holes.
People keep many animals for food.
Modern kayaks come in a wide variety of designs and materials for specialized purposes.
Oars have a flat blade at one end.
"Larger ships have several masts, with the size depending on the style of ship."
Computers work in binary.
All computers use binary at the lowest level.
Filters are very common in e-mail systems.
"Utility poles are usually wooden, but vary greatly from nation to nation."
Clementines are easy to peel and have no seeds.
Clementines are popular in the winter months.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
Light interference causes many colors to appear.
Light waves have 'crests' and 'troughs'.
Some black holes are perfectly spherical - like a ball.
Some butchers also kill the animals the meat is from.
"Butchers also prepare sausages, and other meat-products."
Fraternal twins are twice as common.
Identical twins are natural clones.
Identical twins are normal in a few species.
Tangerines are smaller and easier to peel than common oranges.
Cantaloupes are a source of polyphenol antioxidants.
Banks allow borrowers and lenders of different sizes to meet.
Corporate finance is  about things like the sale of stock by a company to the public.
Business finance is about finding money for a company's activities.
Financial maths is the study of maths for financial markets.
Some examples are 'dingo' and 'kangaroo'.
Australian spelling is generally very similar to British spelling.
"Cells are the 'building blocks' of life, and cell division is a basic feature of life."
Gymnosperms bear naked seeds on cones or open structures.
Many stars are part of a system with two or more stars.
Some spectroscopic binaries have an orbit that is edge-on to Earth.
Trees grow in some of the tundra.
Lichens cover the rocks.
Trees grow shorter until they simply stop growing.
People see individual particles of water move.
"Tropical cyclones form in tropical ocean areas, and some move from there into the temperate zone."
"Most deserts are semi-arid, arid or hyperarid, with the exception of Antarctica."
Cytokines work by signal transduction.
Monocots have one seed leaf.
Time is a very important factor.
Logarithmic spirals are common in nature.
Many people visit London as tourists.
Transpiration also cools plants and enables the flow of mineral nutrients from roots to shoots.
Many radio stations send out both kinds of signals.
Bees make honey from nectar that they collect from flowers.
Some people eat honey that is still in the honeycomb.
Some musicians have a sense of 'absolute pitch' or 'perfect pitch'.
Some people use the soursop fruit or leaves as a medicine.
"Microorganisms are critical to nutrient recycling in ecosystems, because they act as decomposers."
Males sometimes leave the group for a short time to look for females in other groups to mate with.
Meerkats have many different chirps that they use for different reasons.
Many animals eat meerkats.
Tapeworms live inside the intestines of vertebrate animals.
"Tapeworms are hermaphrodite, with both sexes."
Players usually decide what to increase by what character class they are.
Many players choose only one part of the skill tree to train in.
"Humans are omnivores, because they eat meat as well as vegetable matter."
"Botany is a scientific study of plants along with their growth, structure, and uses."
Many people agree that the longer version is much better than the shortened chronological version.
Most states create slogans to help tourism.
Folksongs are often 'modal'.
Meat is an important part of the diet of many people because it contains protein.
Protein helps the growth and healing of a body and gives energy.
"Limes are small, round and bright green."
Lime tastes acidic and bitter.
Many religions also use the amount of consanguinity to define acceptable practices.
Some studies are plans for whole paintings.
Fireworks redirects here.
Most service provision requires a high degree of interaction between client and service provider.
Platinum is very stable.
Bunk beds help families with small apartments or houses to have enough beds for their children.
Many military organizations use bunk beds.
Some ski lodges have bunk beds in their rooms.
Most people hire a photographer for their wedding or other special events.
Minerals are different from rocks.
Minerals form in many ways.
Volume refers to the amount of space an object takes up.
Diamonds are extremely hard and have a brilliant sparkle.
People use minerals for many everyday purposes.
Deduction is a special way of thinking to discover and prove new truths using old truths.
Some areas of mathematics study the structure that an object has.
Some areas of mathematics study the shapes of things.
Some areas of mathematics study the way things change.
Polyphonic music is always in several parts.
Silver is a soft metal.
"Nitric acid dissolves it, though, to make silver nitrate."
Silver compounds are disinfectants.
Silver is also in chemical compounds.
Silver compounds are disinfectants.
Silver compounds are toxic.
Some bipolar people have depression and mania at the same time.
Mania is when a person's brain goes into a high-energy state.
Light therapy is one of several approaches to treating bipolar disorder.
Clocks go forward one hour.
Clocks go forward one hour.
Dissociation is a symptom.
Many mice have two buttons and a scroll wheel.
Most mice have two or three buttons to click.
Employers offer wages or a salary to the workers in exchange for the worker's work or labor.
"Nobodies have no emotions, but want to have hearts again."
"Steel has a low cost, but rusts."
Metallurgists use many tools to know what to do to the metal.
Some cultures consider nose hair coming out from the nostrils to be ugly.
Beetles lift their elytra out of the way in order to fly.
All beetles have six legs.
Most beetles use their legs to walk or run.
Flea beetles are an example of jumping beetle.
"Some antennae are long and thin, while others are short and wide."
Most beetles have two hard mandibles at the front of their mouth which are a bit like teeth.
Mandibles help the beetle eat by crushing and cutting food.
Beetles start out as eggs that a female beetle lays.
Beetles eat the most when they are larvae.
Beetles are tough animals for their size.
Some beetles live in places that are hard for predators to find.
Some beetles have very complex colours so that they look like bird droppings.
Some beetles have black and yellow stripes so that they look similar to bees and wasps.
Some beetles even behave similar to bees to confuse predators.
"Beetles have sexual reproduction, which means males and females mate in order to make offspring."
Some beetles give special care to their eggs or larvae.
Weevils eat plants.
Rove beetles eat other insects.
People call some beetles by other names.
Some beetles cause trouble for farmers and people in forests because they eat crops or trees.
Crane flies look similar to large mosquitoes.
Females have larger abdomens in comparison to the males.
Some leatherjackets are aquatic.
Many birds eat crane flies.
People disagree about the history of Chamberlain.
"Atoms are very small, but the exact size changes depending on the element."
"Exceptions are rare, but they do happen and are difficult to predict."
Alpha decay is when the atom shoots out a particle having two protons and two neutrons.
Beta decay is when a neutron turns into a proton or a proton turns into a neutron.
"Beta decay happens when an atom has either too many protons, or too many neutrons."
"Some planes also have no tail, like the flying wing design."
Engines push the plane forward.
Some aircraft keep in the sky by moving air over their wings.
"Examples are aeroplanes, helicopters, and gliders."
Some aircraft keep in the sky by floating.
Examples are balloons and airships.
Most aircraft use engine power.
"Examples are aeroplanes, helicopters, and airships."
Examples are gliders and balloons.
Airliners are the quickest way to travel.
Adults use flashes of light to attract mates.
All fireflies glow as larvae.
Bioluminescence serves a different function in lampyrid larvae than it does in adults.
Fireflies are a classic example of an organism that uses bioluminescence for sexual selection.
Fireflies like to live in damp areas and dry areas.
"Most species live in marshes or near water, because there their larvae have more than enough food."
Females have organs that produce a green or yellow light on their trunks.
Many people work for the government or in tourism.
Speculation is one of the market roles in western financial markets.
"Quarterbacks are members of the offense, or attacking team."
"Canals usually connect lakes, rivers, or oceans."
Some canals allow boats to pass.
Humans are the only animals which wear clothing.
Young people have an entirely different form of dress to express their personalities.
Clothing is far more than just a means to protect our bodies.
Some information comes from studying lice.
Every pixel has a color and all the pixels together are the picture.
"Some examples are large public clocks, but others are instruments for use inside buildings."
"Shoes come in pairs, with one shoe for each foot."
Slippers are a kind of indoor shoe.
People usually wear shoes in public.
Footwear allows people to walk on rough surfaces such as gravel roads without hurting their feet.
Shoes are a type of footwear that protects the foot and the soles of the feet.
"People working in professions such as business, law, and politics wear dress shoes."
Boots are higher and larger than shoes and sandals.
Rain boots protect a person's feet from water and rain.
Some work boots have a flat piece of steel in the sole to protect the foot from sharp nails.
Many countries require construction workers to wear work boots when they are on a construction site.
"People working in professions such as business, law, and politics wear dress socks."
Jazz music combines African-American music with European music.
Pasta comes in many different shapes and sizes.
Most cookies are flat and round like a disc.
Most cookies are very sweet.
Chocolate chips are most common in cookies.
Coffee contains the drug caffeine.
Caffeine is a mild  which helps to keep people awake.
"Beef derives from the German word 'beife', meaning grazing beast."
Hyaenas are intelligent creatures.
Many natural environments are the product of the interaction between nature and humans.
Silk fibers are very strong.
"Silk is resistant to most mineral acids, except for sulfuric acid, which dissolves it."
Perspiration makes silk yellow.
Music often has 'pitch'.
Music often has 'rhythm'.
Music usually has a regular beat.
Music often has 'dynamics'.
Music often has 'timbre'.
Music is whatever people think is music.
"Songbirds use song to protect their territory, or to attract a mate."
Jazz music has a swinging rhythm.
Notes are to put on the lines and in the spaces between the lines.
People learn the skills from other more experienced stuntmen.
Thermoplastics are one of the main two types of plastics.
Industries use clear polycarbonate to make glasses.
Many large businesses have their main offices there.
Most rain falls in autumn and spring.
Many religions consider any harm to another person a sin.
Some people find it easier than others.
"Black metal is also very controversial, especially in Norway."
Complete darkness is only possible at absolute zero.
"Many people are uncomfortable or afraid when in the dark, especially children."
"People have to send what they sell themselves, usually using mail."
Total costs are usually below ordinary auction house costs.
Many large corporations have their main offices in Montreal.
Today there are Presbyterian churches across the world.
Some Presbyterian churches have women as elders.
Insects grow by metamorphosis.
"Some insects have nymphs that are aquatic, which means they live in water."
"Dragonflies have nymphs that live in water, such as in lakes and rivers."
Some people voting to close it down say that there's no use collecting quotes in Simple English.
Next month seems to short.
Numbers are also in the phonetic alphabet.
Some levels are underground and others are underwater.
People have the right to have firearms.
Most refugees are illegal immigrants and more than half are children and women.
Reality is very different.
More people means more traffic and more crime.
Doctors often look at an X-ray of the chest.
New infections occur at a rate of one per second.
Some people still use the Native American languages.
Some molds cause disease or food spoilage.
Animals are consumers.
Humans are a good example of an omnivorous consumer.
Main industries are agriculture and tourism.
Urban areas are usually cities and towns.
People grow different kinds of grain as food.
Social change is the result.
People use the word 'sacred' or the word 'holy' for something that is special or important.
Most religions have sacred books that tell about their religion.
Most religions have sacred places that are important to their religion.
Grey seals are frequent visitors to the rocky bays at high tide.
"Transistors are lighter, cheaper, and more reliable."
Many recent authors use 'hegemony' to describe America's relationship to the rest of the world.
"Most countries have their own kind of money, such as the United States dollar or the British pound."
Money is 'easier to divide' than many trade goods.
"Cows die, and wheat rots."
"Some cows are sick and old, and others are healthy and young."
Some wheat is good and other wheat is moldy or stale.
Socialism is an economic and governmental system where the workers own and run companies.
Social democracy is a form of socialism that tries to mix parts of communism with capitalism.
Hospitals only have equipment to detect gamma rays.
Scatology is common in British and Japanese sex movies.
Astronomy is one of the oldest sciences.
Astronomy is very similar to astrophysics.
Astronomers use telescopes to look at things that are far away and dim.
"Telescopes make objects look bigger, closer, brighter."
Short exposures are easy.
Astronomy is a very large subject with many different things to study.
"Hallucinogens change the way people see, hear, feel or think."
Stimulants speed up the central nervous system.
Stimulants make it difficult to sleep.
Depressants are drugs which slow down the central nervous system.
Antipsychotics are drugs which balance people's moods or stop hallucinations.
Some people also use drugs because they are addicted.
Prions work by changing the shape of proteins in the living things it causes disease in.
"Some people also eat hashish, usually by mixing it into food or baked goods."
Existentialism is a way of thinking about human freedom.
Philosophers are people who invent ways of thinking about life and the world.
Descendants are 'offspring'.
Heme is an organic molecule.
Most millipedes are poisonous.
"Centipedes move faster, and only have one pair of legs per segment."
Lobsters are an economically important type of seafood.
Lobsters are invertebrates.
Lobsters live between the shore and the edge of the continental shelf.
Lobsters have a cephalothorax which is the place where their head connects to the thorax.
Lobsters use their antennae to feel where they are.
Lobsters usually move slowly by walking on the bottom of the sea floor.
Eucalypts have special flowers and fruits that no other trees have.
Many Eucalypts also change the shape of their leaves as they get older.
Young eucalypts have round leaves.
"Eucalypts make a lot of nectar, providing food for many insects."
Eucalypts have a habit of dropping entire branches off as they grow.
Eucalypts grow back quickly after fire.
Eucalypts draw a very large amount of water from the soil.
Fire is also a problem.
All cells have chemical ways of consuming food.
Drugs are available that can at least treat the symptoms.
"Most diatoms are unicellular, although some form chains or simple colonies."
Diatoms have some practical uses.
"Diatom communities are a popular tool for monitoring environmental conditions, past and present."
"Decapitation is always fatal, that is, the result is always death."
Decapitation can also describe the removal of a head from a body that is already dead.
Existentialism is a philosophy that is very different from other ways of thinking.
Some libertarians believe that all violence is unjust.
Ownership is the right to control something.
Libertarians believe that property rights come from self-ownership.
"Libertarians think if people want to drive cars without wearing seat belts, it is their own choice."
"Most people know lady beetles as small, round, red beetles with black spots on their backs."
Some lady beetles are very little and are black and hairy.
Art films have many other names.
Blockbuster movies have famous actors and large budgets.
Blockbuster movies are part of the reason why people make art films.
Art movies have small budgets.
"Blockbuster movies have a large amount of television advertising, billboards and internet sites."
Blockbuster movies are very popular.
Some art films do have sequels.
Art movies are often about people's feelings and thoughts.
Steppes receive slightly more rain than deserts do.
Plains mostly are more suitable for farming than plateaus or mountains.
Lagers are usually drunk while they are cold.
Regional definitions vary from source to source.
Flagella are structurally almost identical with the much smaller Cilia.
Bacterial flagella are helical filaments that rotate like screws.
Governance is different from politics.
Most tanks have a powerful gun and one or more machine guns.
Lizards are reptiles.
Geckos have no eyelids.
"Sight is very important for most lizards, both for locating prey and for communication."
Many lizards have highly acute color vision.
Diseases are more common in older people.
Epidemiology is the study of the cause of disease.
Architecture is the art and science behind building and sculpture design.
Many people enjoy using amateur radio to talk to other amateur radio hobbyists in other countries.
Many people use their amateur radios for fun.
Coconuts grow in tropical countries.
Women use coconut oil as hair oil for hair.
Coconut oil is often in food and soaps.
Ductility is the amount that any material yields under shear stress.
Nobody knows if it really works or become true.
Ventricular fibrillation is a medical emergency.
Ventricular fibrillation is a cause of cardiac arrest and sudden cardiac death.
Diamonds are the hardest natural mineral.
Carbon is in many places in the universe.
Carbon is the fourth most common element in the sun.
Carbon is also in some meteorites.
"Many ceramic materials are hard, porous, and brittle."
Pyroelectricity is also a necessary consequence of ferroelectricity.
Some knives are ceramic.
Mechanics also constitutes a central part of technology.
"Some reactions are very fast, and others are very slow."
Some reactions give out energy.
Most pantheists believe the universe is sacred and the earth and nature are divine.
Followers believe that one or more godsare both part of the universe and greater than it.
Trains come more often at busy times of the day.
Many amusement rides provide rotation.
Many cakes are for dessert.
Special flags double the players points after collecting it.
Houses come in many different shapes and sizes.
"Houses have a roof to keep off the rain and sun, and walls to keep out the wind and cold."
Many houses have a separate dining room for eating meals and a separate laundry.
Many farm houses are long and have two doors.
Mansions often have beautiful gardens.
Palaces are some of the most famous and beautiful houses in the world.
Some people eat parsley to get their breath to smell better.
Some plants are very hard to stop once they start growing.
Axles are an important structural component of a wheeled vehicle.
"Watches display the time and sometimes the day, date, month and year."
Morals are basic guidelines for living.
Fables are stories with a moral.
"Saliva begins digesting food in the mouth, and moistens food to make swallowing easier."
"All true bugs have similar mouthparts, which they use to suck up plant sap."
Doctors also use gamma rays to find disease.
"Hand planes are ancient, originating thousands of years ago."
Rough lumber is the raw material for furniture making.
Betrayal trauma is similar to post traumatic stress disorder.
Data mining is about finding new information in a lot of data.
"Most plants have several country names, and country names often refer to several distinct plants."
Gnomes are elemental spirits of earth.
Blades become thinner and broader and thus even more dangerous.
Cooperative organizations help people adapt to capitalism.
"Modern calculus achieves the same result, using more rigorous methods."
Slides can also form the basis of webcasts.
"Some men have a lot of hair and a big mustache, and some have very little."
Most types of cancer are more likely to affect people as they get older.
Breast cancer begins in the breast.
"Testicular cancer starts in the testicles, and is most common in young men."
Some cameras have an 'aperture ring'.
"Light coming through the lens, aperture and open shutter shines on the film."
Processing stops the film reacting to light any more.
"Cryptography uses prime numbers, and needs to test if a certain number is prime."
"People just say the letters, one after another."
Prime numbers are always 'coprime' to each other.
Different formats exist.
Bridges also have uses in the military.
Women also use birch and spruce to weave baskets.
Summer is short.
Earth has a protection shield of energy around it.
"Nordic countries have similar state, law and culture."
Finnish paganism is close to Scandinavian paganism and Baltic paganism.
Pillar stands at a disc that is surface of earth.
Violins are louder than viols.
Civilians now use it as well.
Phosphates are important in biochemistry.
Some people fear Karelian culture and language die out.
Lake Superior is the largest body of freshwater in the world.
"Some fungi are parasites on living organisms, but most are saprophytes."
Scientists try to use a natural explanation.
Many ghost lights move.
Some people say they are methane gas that comes from ground and burns in the air.
Smoothies are similar to milk shakes.
Winters are mild and summers are very hot.
Some people are blonde because they have less pigment in their hair than dark haired people.
Males are a little smaller than hermaphrodites.
Oxidation is gain of oxygen.
Reduction is loss of oxygen.
Many tourists visit the park each year to see the geysers and animals there.
Pines live in almost the entire Northern Hemisphere.
Elevation means the height of something above sea level.
Most American children prefer the chunky kind.
"Peanuts are good sources of vitamin E, niacin, folate, protein and manganese."
"Valencia types are coarse, and they have heavy reddish stems and large foliage."
"Valencia types are three seeded and smooth, with no constriction between the seeds."
Some people like to sing melodies.
Composers often think of a melody and then add harmony to it.
Some music has more than one melody happening at the same time.
"Many melodies are easy to sing, while others are difficult to sing."
Thongs are a type of rubber footwear.
Many people enjoy the sandwich as it is easy and quick to make in a hurry.
Some people prefer to eat a sandwich with both hands.
Some patients have swelling of the feet and ankles.
Pulmonary hypertension makes the heart sound different.
"Less blood goes to the lungs, so the blood gets less oxygen."
Case series show remarkable success in most patients.
Wheat is an example of a soft commodity.
Conservation groups blame people doing the challenge for dropping litter and damaging the landscape.
Some people park their cars in inconsiderate places.
Few people live in the north central area of the state.
"Poetry includes much metaphor, usually more than prose."
Most government offices have regional offices for the provinces.
Centurions are metal robots with armor.
Centurions fight and work.
"Heart failure is different from cardiac arrest, because the heart is still working."
North star is a nail that connects dome of sky to the pillar of world.
Integration helps when trying to multiply units into a problem.
Integrals are like a way to add many tiny things together by hand.
Proof is again by the definition of an integral.
Light then passes through two lenses and makes the image bigger.
People call the book just 'The Wealth of Nations'.
Roman law replaces Celtic customs in Gaul.
Romans stop an uprising of Thracian tribesmen.
Gravity is the force that causes things to fall down.
Species are between approximately one mm to several cm long.
Oligopolies are very common.
Good examples are insects and amphibians.
Nymphs are just baby insects.
"Mussels live in lakes, rivers, and creeks."
"Snails have torsion, a process where the body coils to one side during development."
"Some species have an operculum, a lid or trapdoor to close the shell."
Limpets move by rippling the muscles of their foot in a wave-like motion.
"Limpets are prey for starfish, shore-birds, fish, seals, and humans."
Abalones live all over the world.
Visibility is normally five to ten feet.
"Divers commonly dive out of boats, kayaks, tube floats or directly off the shore."
All varieties have a porcelain-like shine  and many have colorful patterns.
Cephalopods are the most intelligent invertebrates and have good senses and large brains.
"Cuttlefish eat small molluscs, crabs, shrimp, fish and other cuttlefish."
Nautiluses are the only cephalopods who have an external shell.
Nautiluses are sexually dimorphic and reproduce by laying eggs.
Some people are interested in sending astronauts to visit Mars.
Females also have two black spots in the center of the forewings.
Argonauts use tentacles to grab prey and drag it toward the mouth.
Argonauts are capable of changing their color.
Prey animals hide from predators.
Most animals are dark on top and light underneath.
"Soviet forces occupy Kabul, Afghanistan."
"Echinoderms live in all parts of the ocean, but mostly on the sea floor."
Echinoderms have a hydraulic water vascular system.
"Echinoderms have no brain, although some do have ganglia."
Many echinoderms have remarkable powers of regeneration.
"Torrential rains cause flash flooding in Vargas, Venezuela."
Patriotism is different from nationalism.
"Cylindrical coordinates take the same idea that polar coordinates use, but they extend it further."
Gold represents 'wealth' because the metal gold is valuable.
Some men are able to train their voices to sing alto by using a falsetto voice.
Rap is a kind of singing in which the rhythm is the most important thing.
Many political parties base their political action and program on an ideology.
Some freedom fighters damage the opposing military.
River dives through the hole in the door and closes it from the other side.
River is a seventeen-year old genius with special powers.
Captains are officers in an army.
Formal languages have lots of uses.
Unions do many things for their members.
Trade unions are close to trade guilds in Medieval times.
People cross the canals by many small bridges.
Infection rates are higher in some countries in Africa and Asia.
Hunters sell the soft leopard skins in the markets in the capital Kabul.
Mountains have forests of pine and fir.
Few people live in the high central mountains or the deserts in the south and southwest.
"Many Afghan women work as politicians, some are ministers while at least one is a mayor."
Tuscan bread has no salt or butter.
Snow is common in winter.
Tarsiers have huge eyes and long feet.
Pregnancy takes about six months.
Tarsiers give birth to single offspring.
Information theory talks about the notion of information.
Color codes are often difficult or impossible for blind and color blind people to understand.
Anvils are extremely heavy.
"People use duct tape to repair many things, for example a broken handbag or a broken chair."
Copy allows users to instantly add a copy of text in one place to another place.
All roads run in one direction and are parallel.
Different countries use different types of military camouflage patterns.
Larger mosques offer more services to their community.
Weddings are one example.
Mosques have rules to control what people do inside.
Many mosques are famous works of architecture.
"Many mosques have prayer halls, domes, and minarets."
Many early mosques have a square or rectangular plan.
Most mosques have minarets.
Minarets are tall towers.
Domes normally have the shape of a hemisphere.
"Some mosques have several domes, as well as the main large dome."
People pray in rows parallel to the 'qiblah' wall.
Mosques are places of worship.
Different countries have different opinions on the question.
Narrow translation is more precise than broad.
"All mammals protect and look after their young, though details differ greatly."
"Marsupials are mammals with pouches to carry young in, like the kangaroo."
Many mammals live in cold places.
"Shell Beach is popular for families with kids as it has little surf, and lots of tide pools."
Chili peppers are of great importance in Native American medicine.
Complex numbers are a more general form of numbers.
"Measurements are an application of mathematics, for example in trigonometry."
Concepts are nouns which usually take the singular.
"Drug abuse is an offense, at the federal level."
Glia cells keep the neurons safe and healthy.
People choose to play in the Olympics to represent the place they are from.
"Swamps are also filters for groundwater, and protect against flooding."
Sulfur is a yellow solid that is a nonmetal.
Sulfur compounds are chemical compounds containing sulfur ions.
Many minerals contain sulfur ions.
Sulfur is an essential component to living cells.
Many proteins contain sulfur.
Long lines make up the shapes and small lines make the textures.
Some competitions are for young people who are starting to make a professional career in music.
Some big festivals have a team of several adjudicators who decide together on the winner.
Treads often require two balusters.
Many towns still have many parts of the German culture.
"Sight distance is an important issue with horse trails, as is overhead and side clearance."
Some cultures avoid giving people a name of an animal.
Japanese names have two parts.
Rondos are normally fast and lively.
Scientists commonly report the standard deviation of numbers from the average number in experiments.
Risk is one reason to make decisions about what to buy.
Dark blue is less than one standard deviation from the mean.
Deflation starts when people are waiting for prices to go down even more.
Some chemical symbols are the short forms of their English names.
Large crowds appear on the street to try to see the nose.
Some games are only for one system.
Matrices are also very common in computer science.
Animation is on the air now.
Today there are many societies for people who are interested in playing the viol.
Mandarin is  one of five major regional languages of China.
Several districts form one region.
Official languages are Arabic and Berber.
Women gain the right to vote in Utah Territory.
German troops enter Austria.
Musical criticism is about what is going on in the musical world at the moment.
Most adjectives become nouns by adding the suffix 'ness'.
Fashions are a kind of nonverbal communication.
Fashions are like trends.
Fashion is more than just a designer's whim.
"Fashion is a statement, a way of living."
Fashion is a way to express one's self.
Many teenagers show their ideas and opinions by the way they look.
Most divisions only separate each other by few lbs.
Some people show their family history using a family tree.
Some people keep track of their family history data in a genealogy database on their computer.
Rice contains a lot of carbohydrates.
"Yoga uses breathing techniques, exercise and meditation."
Many people think it is one of the world's most sacred rivers.
Schism means that the opposing parties have a disagreement within the establishment.
Honest people disagree about complex topics.
"Common knowledge is that calves bawl, cows moo and bulls bellow."
Cattle are very useful animals.
"Many oxen are still in use all over the world, especially in poor countries."
Annelids reproduce sexually by hermaphroditic cross-fertilization.
Annelid worms have a nervous system.
Some bristle worms have poison bristles.
"Most bristle worms are scavengers, but some are good predators, eating fishes and coral."
"Planktonic larvae develop, grow into annelids and eventually sink to the bottom of the water."
Blood is rich in proteins.
Most species live in forests or woodland habitats.
Prokaryotes are unicellular.
Scientists study the way the parts of nature work.
Humans interact with each other in their natural environment on a constant basis.
Medicine studies humans in health and sickness.
Mature adults have a pair of ear-like fins.
Xenophobia can also mean the fear of trying new things.
Nuclear reactors use nuclear reactions to make heat and electricity.
Accelerators sometimes cause nuclear reactions to make radioactive materials.
Greenhouses get hot during the day.
Greenhouses come in many different sizes.
"Some people have small greenhouses in their backyard, outside their home."
Retraction requires the contraction of two internal muscles.
Fertilisation occurs in the oviduct.
"Captive breeding is difficult, partly because of the relatively infrequent breeding cycle."
"Eukaryote protists have special organelles, and some bacteria also produce light."
Bioluminescence is mainly a marine phenomenon.
Bioluminescent organisms are a target for many areas of research.
"Lymphatic vessels carry 'lymph', a colorless, watery fluid and white blood cells."
Most people have ten fingers and ten toes.
Brighter areas have a greater magnitude.
Tube worms get energy from bacteria which live in their plumes.
Tube worms form an important part of the community around a hydrothermal vent.
Reverse thrust is the opposite of forward thrust.
Birds normally achieve thrust during flight by flapping their wings.
Some men have other intersex conditions.
"Old land is mostly green, new one is darker in color."
"Old land is mostly green, new one is darker in color."
Resistance is the restriction of current.
"Fish do, especially oily ones, such as salmon, sardine and mackerel."
Vitamin D is a fat-soluble nutrient.
Many theologians still think so.
Satire often points out ironic or bad things that powerful people are doing.
Most natural resources are limited.
All places have their own natural resources.
Quakers think that the truth is very important.
Many people see it as the national river of Russia.
Bryozoans are almost entirely colony-forming animals.
Digital identity is the representation of identity in terms of digital information.
Corporate identity is the physical manifestation of a business brand.
Equations are equal.
Inequalities are unequal.
"Numbers are equal, geometrical objects are congruent."
"Ministries are usually subordinate to the cabinet, and prime minister, president or chancellor."
Normal gardening needs heavy tools to loosen the soil.
"Many folksongs are pentatonic, or nearly pentatonic."
Every behavior is some kind of non-verbal communication.
Jellyfish occur in four of the classes.
Several men arm the trebuchet by raising the counterweight up and the firing arm down.
Morays are carnivores.
People show directions by pointing.
Ants have colonies almost everywhere on planet Earth.
"Some people use ants for food, medicine and rituals."
Termites are eusocial but differ greatly in the genetics of reproduction.
"Velvet ants look like large ants, but are wingless female wasps."
Most ants produce a new generation each year.
Males secrete a mating pheromone that females follow.
Knives are better than scissors for some uses.
"Indigo represents religion, spirituality, and intuition."
Many articles seem to have simple content as well.
"Errors are bad, no matter how minor."
People enjoy chatting to one another in the queue.
Renewable resources are usually much cleaner.
Solar power is the technology of obtaining usable energy from the light of the sun.
Geothermal energy uses the heat from deep underground to make electricity.
Hot chocolate is usually drunk to make the drinker feel happier or warmer.
"Hot chocolate has a lot of calories, saturated fat, and sugar."
People suffering from it have problems finding their way around in the world.
"More developed leaves are harder, giving lower grades a sandy texture."
Oxidation smells like hay and affects colour and texture.
People now realize that green tea and matcha are good for the health.
Many homes have at least one tatami room.
Japan has etiquette about 'tatamiberi'.
Standard time happens from autumn to early spring.
Gargoyles spout water from the roof.
Many cathedrals are very old.
Blood types prevent that.
Gristmills grind grains into flour.
Hydroelectric power is a means of conserving the energy.
Impulse turbines change the velocity of a water jet.
Nuclear waste emits dangerous radiation and is difficult to dispose of.
Most people hear terms like radiation and immediately think of it as a bad or dangerous thing.
Many streets are the centre of local culture and people make groups there.
Men use rape as a means of continuing male dominance by keeping all women in a state of fear.
Motion is a requirement of work.
Islamic terrorism is a short article without a neutral point of view.
Men have a natural fear of fire.
Prairies cover most of the states west of the Mississippi River.
Less rain falls in the western Midwest than in the eastern part.
White phosphorus is toxic to humans.
Power is energy per unit time.
Most wind turbines generate electricity from naturally occurring wind.
"Lullabies always have a gentle, rocking rhythm with a simple accompaniment."
Linked lists are a very important data structure in Lisp.
"Nausea is a symptom, rather than an illness or disease."
"Nausea is usually harmless, in the short term."
"Nausea can also occur during pregnancy, and is quite normal in that context."
Proposals run for three weeks.
Many people see it as the unofficial image of Spain.
Solar cookers are an inexpensive and environmentally sound alternative to traditional ovens.
Solar cells have many applications.
Solar cells have many apps.
White holes are the exact opposites of black holes.
Some snowmobiles have skis in the front for steering.
"Quotients also come up in certain tests, like the IQ test, which stands for intelligence quotient."
Aboriginal people come from all over the region to use the town's services.
Aerotolerant organisms are strictly fermentative.
Some people even enjoy buttering their scones for themselves.
Many neurotoxins act by affecting voltage-dependent ion channels.
Paralysis often includes loss of feeling in the affected area.
Water divides several parts of the city.
Many users like to add userboxes to their user pages.
Animal manure is often a mixture of animal's feces and bedding straw.
"Minerals are generally trace elements, salts, or ions such as copper and iron."
Vitamins are organic compounds essential to the body.
Normal distributions are a family of distributions of the same general form.
Many values follow a normal distribution.
Insurance companies use normal distributions to model certain average cases.
Students learn about speech and different types of media.
Many pollutants have a poisonous effect on the body.
Carbon monoxide is an example of a substance which is damaging to humans.
Spacecraft starting from the surface of Earth has a zero initial speed.
Electric razors use electricity to either make blades rotate or oscillate.
Equatorial Guinea becomes independent.
Sea cucumbers live on the floor of the ocean.
Most sea cucumbers are scavengers.
"Sea cucumbers have a unique respiratory system, and effective defences against predators."
Sea cucumbers communicate with each other by sending hormone signals through the water.
"Sea cucumbers have between ten and thirty such tentacles, depending on the species."
Starches are insoluble in water.
"Wood is largely cellulose and lignin, while paper and cotton are nearly pure cellulose."
Chinchillas live in colonies.
"Most gerbils are diurnal, some are crepuscular."
"Guitarists sometimes play arpeggios instead of strumming, and banjo players do it a lot."
Some archaeologists study things that are now underwater.
Leptospirosis is a relatively rare bacterial infection in humans.
"Some large males weigh over , so it is the second-largest living cat after the tiger."
Lions appear in heraldry more often than any other animal.
Coffee shops add chocolate syrup and other flavored syrups  to coffee drinks.
Larger fields are easier to manage and more economical.
"L is the symbol for litre, a unit of volume."
Most airlines offer regular flights between a group of airports.
Atoms are the most simple blocks that make up matter.
Fusion is the source of heat in the sun.
"Bondi beach is one of the world's greatest beaches, and is one of Sydney's main tourist attractions."
Caecilians have no limbs.
"Some species have colorful skins, though."
Caecilians are the only order of amphibians which only use internal insemination.
Nylon is like silk in appearance.
"Mittens are similar to gloves, in that they cover the hand and help to keep it warm in cold weather."
Mittens keep a person's hands warm in very cold weather better than gloves.
Mountain climbers use the strength of their arms and legs to climb up mountains.
Many mountain climbers use ropes and wear special shoes and safety equipment.
Most mountain climbers go up mountains as a hobby or as a recreational activity.
Metaphors are very common examples.
Diving suits help insulate the diver from the cold temperature of the water.
Spacesuits have their own heating and cooling systems and a radio communication system.
"Astronauts wear spacesuits when they fly in the space shuttle, rockets, or space stations."
Weasels are famous for their cleverness and guile.
Dingos are similar to domestic dogs.
Viruses are much smaller than bacteria.
Some specialised viruses are worth noting.
"Vertebrates have a second, more specific, immune system."
Geneticists often use viruses as vectors to introduce genes into cells that they are studying.
Microprocessors help to do everything from writing to searching the Web.
Green circles are the easiest trail.
Red trails are more difficult.
Red trails are rare.
Skiers ski anywhere where there is snow.
Alpine skiing is a contest of speed.
Racers go through the course with red and blue gates and go down to the goal fast as they can.
Heat has no mass.
"Red dwarfs burn their fuel slowly, so they shine with less light than hot stars."
Different countries have different voting systems.
Some people argue which language is the easiest to spell.
Some languages have a high correspondence between phonemes and letters.
Different groups have their own sets of beliefs and practices.
Proteins are polymers of amino acids.
"Examples are starch, glycogen, and cellulose."
"Lipids are fats, and waxes."
Unsaturated lipids have one or more double bonds.
Most people only have to follow the ideas.
"Modern cryptography is a mix of mathematics, computer science, and electrical engineering."
Asymmetric cryptography is harder to use.
Some private chapels are as large as very large churches.
Many chapels have a special purpose in the church.
People use large oil wells to bring the oil to the top of the ground.
Some flasks have more than one neck and opening at the top.
Rivers are an important way to move in Laos.
Wind turbines are popular with people in Denmark.
Some people prefer to use the term 'birth name' instead of 'maiden name'.
Many media players use libraries.
"Organisms are a biotic, or living, part of the environment."
Organisms usually have five basic needs.
Batteries also have chemical potential energy.
Most modern ships have diesel engines.
Formations are when the aircraft fly in a pattern.
Air forces is part of the military.
Fishermen also use anchovies as bait for larger fish such as tuna and sea bass.
Aborigines also have their own type of art.
"Clams are a fairly common form of bivalve, therefore making it part of the phylum mollusca."
Clams have a burrowing foot that they use to dig down into the sand or mud to hide.
Scientists classify clams by how far down they dig and what kind of surface they dig into.
Hornets have a stinger.
Nuclear fusion is what makes stars glow.
All large companies have headquarter which control the business.
Euclidean geometry is a first-order theory.
Oxymorons sometimes appear in jokes.
Feijoa fruit have a distinctive smell.
Some secret societies have secret handshakes to show they are part of the group.
People wave by raising their hand and moving it from side to side.
Database normalization is a method of designing good relational databases.
Clipboards are a little larger than a piece of paper.
Painters talk about the texture of paintings.
Minimum wage is a relative term.
Different countries have different minimum wages.
"Small communities exist in Europe as well, especially in France, Portugal and Hungary."
Life is art.
Human beings are all equal.
World peace is everything.
Autonomy is something that philosophers often talk about.
Drug synergy is an important principle.
County governments keep records and organize elections and laws.
Postal services use it.
Most power is in the New England town.
Bees collect pollen from flowers.
Many bees are hairy and have yellow and black or orange and black warning colors.
Categories are for tying information on a similar topic together.
"Dragonflies have large compound eyes, which is their main sense organ."
"Many people mistake the damselfly for the dragonfly, because they look alike."
Most dragonflies hold their wings horizontally.
Dragonflies have tremendous eyesight.
Some dragonflies change their resting position to prevent overheating.
"Wind also affects animals' food stores, their hunting and the way they protect themselves."
Winds are light there.
Pie charts are rare in scientific writing.
"Some people think there are no right answers in philosophy, only better answers and worse answers."
Philosophy helps people to understand the world and the way people act and think.
Philosophers use logic to solve problems and answer questions.
Logical consistency is a cornerstone of any acceptable theory.
Logic gates are digital components.
Logic gates are electronic versions of Boolean logic.
Most foreigners come from Asia.
Singaporean food is an example of the many different cultures in the country.
Experimental physics focuses mainly on an empirical approach.
Ethics is a more abstract study of right and wrong.
Some people see traits of theocracy in Israel.
Separation of powers causes separate branches of government that each have a different purpose.
Solvents are usually clear and colorless liquids and many have a characteristic smell.
Electron shells make up the electron configuration of an atom.
Different chemicals have different boiling points.
Honeybee queens constantly release pheromones that regulate the activity of the hive.
Light enters the eyes through the cornea.
Cones are exceptionally abundant in the fovea.
"Cones are reactive to the three colors of red, blue, and green."
Many groups of people agree on lists of principles.
People exchange gifts and have a lot of fun together with their families.
Phrasal verbs tend to have a life of their own.
Some people develop a mental condition where they use profanity constantly.
Many countries still have laws against atheism.
Strong atheism is the certain belief that no god exists.
Many scientists practice what they call methodological naturalism.
Heart muscle can even die if blood flow stops.
Some composers are very precise about writing the dynamics they want.
Many people disagree on how to define art.
"Islamic art includes geometric patterns, Islamic calligraphy, and architecture."
"Works of art are more or less harmonic and bring pleasure, a sensation of beauty."
"China has two major rivers, the Yellow River and the Yangtze River."
China also has a variety of forest types.
Bullet trains are faster and more common in the cities.
China has more high-speed trains than any other country in the world.
Alcoholism means addiction to alcohol.
Examples are tolerance and physical dependence.
Alcoholism is a condition with a social stigma.
People also develop tolerance.
Direct withdrawal leads to medical problems.
Benzodiazepines are addictive.
"Alcohol abuse is moderate, but shows early."
Many articles contain thumbnailed images.
Physical conditioning is the best way to avoid or lessen the degree of sprains.
Ligaments connect bones to other bones to form a joint.
"Some ligaments limit the mobility of articulations, or prevent certain movements altogether."
People still use Aztec symbols in Mexico.
Many people like to make their own paper.
Some folders use rulers or other flat tools to make sharper creases in the models.
Most dice are polyhedra.
Tendons are similar to ligaments except that ligaments join one bone to another.
Numerical comparisons are also problematic.
Estimates vary widely.
More detailed versions place Jerusalem at the centre of the world.
Government is an institution in the broad sense.
Education is an institution in the broad sense.
"Societies decide what is right and wrong, and what punishments there are for doing wrong."
Societies have ways of controlling the way food and other goods pass from one person to another.
Historians look at institutions to find differences between eras or periods.
Lymphocytes are round white blood cells a bit bigger than a red blood cell.
Basophils are rare granulocytes.
"Basophils carry histamine and heparin, and other protein chemicals."
Antigens are surface molecules on a cell.
Cytokines signal to other immune cells that there is a foreign antigen present.
"Memory cells live a long time in the body, and are how vaccinations work."
Students have good results in public examinations.
Insolation affects temperature.
"Marble is dense, with a good range of colors."
"People write fan fiction for a many different book, television series or movie fandoms."
Glycolysis releases only a small amount of energy.
Beans contain a lot of fibre.
Paradise Island is a hot spot for filming movies.
All fields are optional.
All parameters are optional.
Greenhouses help to protect crops from frost.
Spinach has lots of dietary iron.
Plants use it to keep energy.
Some salamanders are mostly black while others are mostly yellow.
"Some places are less notable than others, just as some people are less notable than others."
Villages are never non-notable.
"Players buy and trade cards, and build their own card decks."
More powerful spells take more mana to play.
Major scales have twelve different transpositions.
Most logos are very simple drawings with only a small number of colors.
Some logos are only black and white.
Many schools have logos.
Some cities have logos.
Pictures are very helpful.
Rodents are also very popular pets.
Building is one of the most ancient human skills.
"Some people also like candles because they look nice, or because they smell nice."
"Salamanders live in water and on land, and look rather like lizards, with four legs and a tail."
"Some salamanders stay in the water, but look like adults."
"Salamanders are the only tetrapods able to regeneate limbs, as well as other body parts."
"Salamanders have no external ear, and only a vestigial middle ear."
Salamanders routinely regenerate complex tissues.
Toxins are the result of a biological process.
Venoms are substances which the organism uses to harm other species.
People use 'gunpowder' to make bombs and fireworks.
Many animals develop in separate stages.
Genome analysis does show that the tunicates are the closest living relatives of vertebrates.
"Book clubs meet in private homes, libraries, bookstores, pubs, cafes or restaurants over meals, etc."
Conservation is therefore an important concern.
Amphibians like to live near freshwater in warm weather.
"Many amphibia have toxic skin, which is harmful to predators."
Amphibians have colour vision and depth of focus for clear sight.
Some terrestrial species lack both lungs and gills and perform gas exchange through their skin.
Amphibians are the only vertebrates to go through metamorphosis.
Some amphibians lay eggs that are very clear.
Most amphibians leave their eggs to  look after themselves.
Most frogs like to spend their time in the water hiding near aquatic plants.
Most amphibians have a good sense of smell.
Caecilian eyes are small and dark.
"Most amphibians have four limbs, except for caecilians."
Amphibians are predatory animals.
Amphibians are predatory animals.
"Caecilians eat earthworms, termites and beetle larvae, and also small lizards."
Sharks have many gills slits on their necks.
Tadpoles have tails and gills.
Frogs live all over the world.
Frogs are cold blooded animals.
Frogs have skin with no scales or hair.
Many amphibians have toxic skin.
Many frogs are semi-aquatic.
Chemists are people who study compounds and find new ways to do chemical reactions.
"Wood is very hard to cut, but it is also very strong."
Wood comes in many different kinds.
"People also make many kinds of furniture with wood, like chairs, dressers, tables, and desks."
Some people make art with wood.
"People use it for drawing on hard things, because it is soft."
People often write with chalk on a chalkboard or blackboard.
Tailors use it to draw on material when they are making clothes.
"Contract killing is illegal, and is punishable, sometimes by death."
Some villages are in two counties.
Some types live in trees.
All pangolins eat ants and termites.
Hair grows between the scales and near the rear of the animal.
Pangolins eat ants and termites.
Archives are different from libraries in that archives hold records which are unique.
Traditional life ends in chaos and crime.
Meat processing is the main industry.
Developmental psychology is the study of human psychological development.
Stems are the lines which extend from the notehead.
Basin is near the Big Horn river.
Active drivers are in 'bold'.
"Roads connect the city to Cameroon, Chad, and Sudan."
Anteaters eat hundreds of ants every day.
Pocket lint is lint in the bottom of pockets.
Women have less navel lint because of their finer and shorter body hairs.
Older men have it more because of they have more hair and it is thicker.
Some vehicles move on land.
Most land vehicles have wheels.
"Examples are bicycles, cars, motorcycles, and trains."
Some vehicles move on or in the water.
"Examples are boats, ships, and submarines."
Examples are aeroplanes and balloons.
Some vehicles get power from human muscles.
Examples are bicycles and skateboards.
Some vehicles get power from engines.
"Examples are automobiles, ships, and aeroplanes."
Some vehicles get power from animals.
Examples are carts and chariots.
Some vehicles get power from wind.
Examples are sailboats and iceboats.
Some vehicles have no power.
Examples are gliders and balloons.
Soldiers often bring ridicule among the gods.
"Spiny mice are small mammals with bare, scaled tails."
Most gophers have brown fur which often closely matches the color of the soil in which they live.
All pocket gophers are burrowers.
"Kangaroo mice are nocturnal, and are most active in the two hours following sunset."
"Many myrmecophiles eat waste in ant nests, such as dead ants or fungi growing in the nest."
Plant sap is under pressure inside the plant.
Ants collect honeydew from aphids.
Many ants even harvest the honeydew directly from the aphids.
Several hymns refer to ten thousand and more cattle.
Computers run software.
Courier services are also available.
Most hotels provide internet access for their guests.
Hypotheses are especially important in science.
Most computer programs have bugs.
Winters are mild.
"Animals take in oxygen, and give out carbon dioxide."
Radio program is similar to a television program but it is on the radio.
Some people see it as a nostalgic cult classic.
Constructive criticism is welcome.
Psychologists attempt to understand the role of mental functions in individual and social behavior.
Social psychology looks into how groups of people work together and how societies build and work.
Developmental psychology is interested in how people develop and change through their lives.
Neuropsychology looks at the brain and how it works to make people the way they are.
Clinical psychology is about finding the best way to help people to recover from mental illness.
Psychologists make theories to try to explain a behavior or pattern they see.
"Psychology shares other things with natural sciences, as well."
Psychologists use surveys to ask people how they feel and what they think.
Psychologists are people who work in the field of psychology.
Some models only use certain parts of their bodies.
Some models are 'plus-size' models and are of a larger build.
Peas are an annual plant.
Snow is a very rare event.
Most countries have a telephone network.
"Areas have their own area code, and countries have their own country code."
Turbojet engines have a gas compressor at the front that takes in air.
Players move their pieces diagonally from one square to another square.
Dependency is simply a title.
Tourism is the main part of the economy.
Color ranges from orange to light yellow.
Humans eat the roe either raw or briefly cooked.
Some countries still have the radio licence together with the television licence.
Copper mines are nearby.
"Crabs are mixed feeders, taking algae and  shellfish such as molluscs."
Lobsters eat mostly live prey.
Insects have many different antennal shapes.
Antennae are jointed and extend forward from the head.
Most religions have their own style of funeral ceremony.
Neutrinos are very difficult to detect.
Most neutrinos passing through the Earth come from the Sun.
Plays often show conversations between people.
"Ukrainian woman stands topless, staring out the window."
"Some bakers also make cakes and desserts, but a traditional baker only makes bread."
Alternative accounts have legitimate uses.
Electricity flows to the follicle through the probe.
Crater Lake is also the ninth deepest lake in the world.
Some hydrothermal activity remains along the lake floor.
"Most plants grow in the ground, with stems above, and roots below."
Plant nutrition is the study of the chemical elements that are necessary for plant growth.
Plants use the water to make food.
Some flowers use the wind to carry pollen.
Seeds usually have some way to get to new places.
Elms take many decades to grow to maturity.
Highways come in many different designs.
Life Is Good'.
Basalt fiber is a mineral fiber with properties similar to asbestos.
Tourism is very important to the local economy.
Players try to get the ball into the goal more times than the opposing team.
Water polo is a team game.
"Acceleration is a vector, and therefore includes both a size and a direction."
Acceleration is the rate of change of the velocity of an object.
Deceleration is the opposite of acceleration.
Solos are common in classical music and jazz.
Woodlands have an understory of shrubs and herbaceous plants including grasses.
"People use it for different things such as cooking on a barbecue grill, and in painting."
Most heat pumps use electric motors to provide energy.
Most heat pumps use a refrigeration cycle.
People disagree whether energy is a positive or a negative number.
Butterflies are a natural monophyletic group.
Most butterflies have bright colours on their wings.
Moths tend to have stout and hairy or furry-looking bodies.
Moths have larger scales on their wings.
Most moths are nocturnal or crepuscular while most butterflies are diurnal.
Lepidopterans go through 'complete metamorphosis'.
Adults have two pairs of wings.
Adults have antennae.
Some moths have antennae that look like feathers.
Nocturnal animals do it the other way round.
Energy conservation makes it easier to replace non-renewable resources with renewable energy.
Energy conservation is often the most economical solution to energy shortages.
Lighting is also generally the most wasteful component of commercial use.
All air holds different amounts of water vapour.
"Liquids are relatively incompressible, so the main action of a pump is to transport liquids."
Hand washing is the main way to keep the common cold from happening.
Muscle ache happens in about half of the cases.
Symptoms typically reach their worst two to three days after the infection begins.
Rhinoviruses are most infectious in the first three days of cold symptoms.
Self diagnosis is common.
Treatment includes providing symptomatic relief.
Antibiotics have no effect against viral infections and thus have no effect against the common cold.
Adults typically have two to five infections per year.
Ideal meters have no effect on the state variables of the system they are measuring.
Some identical flavors have different names in different markets.
Some species are succulent.
Tourism is a major foreign currency earner.
Thermometers use a temperature scale to record how hot or cold something is.
Heat is energy which moves from one thing to another.
Different substances have different heat capacities.
Temperature is also important in weather and climate.
Parliaments are a bad thing to have.
Some drummers have more than one hi-hat setup around their kit.
Computer graphics are very useful.
Some people even make computer graphics as art.
"Vector graphics use lines, shapes, and text to create a more complex image."
Raster graphics use pixels to make up a larger image.
Many people like to watch professional wrestling on television or live in person while it happens.
"Marines are soldiers who serve on warships, but go to land to fight when necessary."
"Germs are bacteria, viruses, or fungi."
Hand washing prevents lots of new disease.
Some uncooked foods carry diseases.
Forest is now a tourist attraction.
Forest has two separate school systems.
Forest has a natural amphitheatre in the conservation area in the south part of the town.
Fume hoods stop a person coming into contact with hazardous fumes.
Most people speak the Arabic language.
Marital rape is legal there.
"Animal life includes wolves, hyenas, mongooses, baboons, hares, sand rats, and jerboas."
Rivers are important as waterways in the land for shipping things.
Many tourist come to visit the city.
Coffee is the most important industry in Colombia.
"Some groups live in the forest, but many live in countryside and in the cities."
Most religions condemn the practice and present-day laws generally treat it as a criminal matter.
"Soft science is any of the social sciences, including history, and political science."
Proteins are essential to all cells.
Proteins do different things depending on their shape.
Muscles contain a lot of protein.
"Proteins form an important part in foods like milk, eggs, meat, fish, beans, and nuts."
Many programming languages use punctuation just like a normal language.
Functional programming looks at programming like a function in mathematics.
Procedural programs are a set of steps or state changes.
Most languages have official 'standards' that define the rules of how to write the source code.
Some programming languages have two or more standards.
Armenian art presents the considerable part of the exposition.
Most operating systems call the first device it uses a boot device.
Chemical reactions change the taste and style of the tea.
Japanese tea have a lot of kind of tea.
All characters consist of straight angular lines or simple curves and circles.
Most dances have a very fast rhythm.
National dishes show the variety of the landscape.
Voice actors are the people who make the voices for the characters.
All fields are lower case and optional.
"Uranian planets are a special sort of gas giants, they have more hydrogen and helium."
Home plate has five sides.
First base is one of the most important positions as a significant number of plays happen there.
Center field is straight ahead from home plate.
"Center field is very big, so the center fielder is usually the fastest."
Players often shift their positioning because of how the game is going.
Many professional pitchers use two or more different pitches.
"Botanists use three different words, 'thorns', spines, and 'prickles'."
Thorns are the ends of branches that are hard and sharp.
Prickles are on the outside of stems.
"Patients suffer from ataxia, dementia and usually die after one year."
Prion diseases are very rare.
Patrol officers travel through their area to see what is happening.
Different countries have different names for their police.
Firearms training teaches that the use of a firearm is only when lives are at risk.
Basic training is the practicing for people who want to become a soldier.
Training is different from exercise.
"Some mathematical notations use diagrams, or small drawings to show the underlying concepts."
Younger birds look more scaly and dark.
Incubation takes two weeks.
Every ship keeps many different signal flags for use in different situations.
"Liquids ruin electric equipment, so astronauts have to be very careful in space."
"Many people believe amethysts protect one from poison, evil, and getting drunk."
Some warships also carry naval aircraft.
Aircraft carriers are airports at sea.
Cruisers are usually slower and larger and have longer range than frigates.
Destroyers are smaller and faster than cruisers and frigates.
All hydrogen bonds face in the same direction.
Pure topaz is colorless and transparent but they usually have colors.
Tourism is one of the country's important sources of income.
"Tourists support many of Israel's service industries, especially trade, restaurants, and hotels."
Agricultural exports provide enough income to pay for any necessary food imports.
Most Israeli farmers use modern agricultural methods.
Paved roads reach almost all parts of the country.
Some resins are soluble in both alcohol and turpentine.
Eukaryotic cells have a highly evolved process of 'secretion'.
"Some adhesives are for temporary use, like sticky-tac or the adhesive on sticky notes."
Some niqabs have one or two holes for the eyes.
Pieces always have clear beginnings and ends.
Correlation usually has one of two directions.
Earthquakes are common on most of the islands.
Fisheries are an important economic activity on all islands.
"Flames rise, and demons scream."
Comic books are thin comics magazines.
Graphic novels are books of comics.
Many companies have offices in the city.
Some prostitutes walk the streets looking for customers.
Many prostitutes just work for themselves.
Many countries have laws about prostitution.
Many prostitutes are children.
Boys often prefer rough games and enjoy playing with mechanical things such as toy cars and trains.
Rangers usually wear dragon-skin to protect themselves from opponents.
"Big diamonds are very rare, and are worth a lot of money."
People make synthetic diamonds.
"Diamonds are very effective electrical insulators, but also very good conductors of heat."
Graphs make information easier to see.
Small details make articles longer.
"Autumn is the hunting season, so there is hunting music."
Autumn finishes with a drinking chorus.
Iodised salt is a very cheap and good way of getting the necessary iodine.
Most college students go to college right after high school but others choose to go later in life.
"Batteries come in lots of different shapes, sizes and voltages."
"Some table knives are sharper than others, but none are as sharp as kitchen knives."
Some people follow more than one religion at a time.
Most religions make rules about human morals.
Prayer is an important ritual for many religious people.
Rituals are an important part of the tradition of many religions.
Most religions have special buildings where people meet.
People often try to make their religious building as beautiful as possible.
Some religious buildings are great works of architecture.
Music is often important in religious celebrations.
Transportation allows people and goods to move around the country.
Philosophy is the study of human beings and the world by thinking and asking questions.
More advanced filters are possible.
Optical filters act on light.
Film needs the right amount of light to make a picture.
Films also come in different sizes.
Substitution increases the size of articles.
Substituted templates are much harder to remove or edit.
"Lilies grow in Europe, North America, and Asia."
Tourism is the single most important economic factor in the canton.
"Winter sports is important, despite being less developed."
Concrete is strong in compression but weak in tension.
All species live in the Americas.
Locality of reference is one of the reasons why caches work well in many areas of computing.
Bigger caches are also more expensive to build.
Ammonium sulfide is a very toxic chemical.
Cyclones rotate clockwise in the Southern Hemisphere and anti-clockwise in the Northern Hemisphere.
Natural events occur outside of human control.
Agriculture is an important part of the island economy.
Consular officers have diplomatic immunity.
Peridot is one of the few gemstones that comes in only one color.
Some people like to write about settlements.
Most bacteria reproduce by asexual reproduction.
"Suit jackets have a collar, pockets, and a silk or polyester lining."
"Suit jackets come in many colours, but the most common are  dark blue, brown and grey."
Simulations often use computers or television.
Space travel is an example of a modern adventure.
Washing is an essential part of good hygiene and health.
People usually wash themselves periodically.
"Electricity is able to pass through electrolytes, as well as molten salts."
Salty flavor is also one of the basic tastes.
"Examples are an office, store, or farm."
Examples are carpenters or electricians who work for themselves.
Winter comes after autumn and is before spring.
Winter begins around the winter solstice.
"Some people think the death penalty is a good thing, and others think it is a bad thing."
Some countries use chemicals that cause controversy.
"Mining is the only way to extract coal, a vital source of energy."
Underground mining is a dangerous job.
Bombers often fly low to the ground to confuse enemy radar.
"People are still able to create accounts, and to log in."
Borderless connection is only possible by sea or air.
Most studies show results of effectiveness over a year.
Ice ages are prominent examples.
"Summers are hot and muggy, fall and spring are mild, and winter is cold."
Society there is also perfect.
Most web browsers allow users to choose whether to accept cookies.
Larger pianos have three.
Pianists have to learn how to use the pedal well.
Pianists have to learn many things.
Most essays are short.
"People often coexist with others who share different beliefs, traditions and customs."
Sustainability is an issue of major importance in the world of today.
Damage is at a half a billion dollars.
Stems provide a few major staple crops such as potato and taro.
Slasher movies are a subgenre of horror movies.
Mount Etna erupts every few years.
Meristematic cells have the same function for plants as stem cells have for animals.
New copper is a pink color.
Most metals are gray or silver.
Copper is important in the human body.
Primary meristems are the apical meristems on root tips and shoot tips.
Acorns are one of the most important wildlife foods in areas where oaks grow.
Princesses wear crowns on their head.
Horsetails are native on all continents except Australasia and Antarctica.
People think that growth of the city comes from building the university in the city.
"Porosity is important, but, 'alone', it does make an aquifer."
Some people think that backmasking causes subliminal persuasion.
Keratins are tough and insoluble.
Raster images use a set of bitmaps.
Administrative districts are usually larger than neighbourhoods.
Fungi produce septa to partition filamentous hyphae into discrete cells.
"Some rivers flow from hills where there is no snow, but lots of rain."
Old rivers are the most useful type of river for growing crops.
Some rivers flow underground through caves.
Many underground rivers flow out through a cave mouth to become an ordinary river.
"Rivers give water for drinking, bathing and washing clothes."
Rivers give water for cattle and other animals to drink and for people to grow plants.
"Rivers give water for factories that make cloth, steel and many other products."
"Rivers sometimes have dams to hold the water for people to drink, or to make electricity."
Rivers often have beautiful scenery.
Many types of fish live in it.
Many people consider it to be one of the important novels about a different view on history.
Alloys are metals with impurities.
Orchestras often have 'section rehearsal's or 'sectional's.
Boys find out where the gig is.
All information is data.
Puppet state is a biased term.
Divination is different from fortune-telling.
"Divination is more ritual, usually religious."
Macon is the sixth-largest city by population of the state.
People often take bento for a picnic.
Wind power has a long history in Texas.
Many areas contain areas with winds presently suitable for electric power generation.
"Full geisha wear simpler kimonos, and only use white make-up at special times."
Many women begin their careers as adults.
Men enjoy the illusion of that which is never to be.
"Epic poetry is usually very long, and takes place in different settings."
Sashes traditionally form part of formal military uniform and the royal attire.
Cranes are tall birds with long legs.
Cranes are omnivores.
Cranes are highly social birds that live in large flocks.
Cranes are very vocal.
All cranes are able to defend themselves quite well.
Cranes are an ancient type of wading bird.
Conversations are one of the basic types of human communication.
Cyanobacteria are in most environments on Earth.
Gourds are in the same family as squashes.
Lotus leaves often float on top of the water.
Lotuses look very much like water-lilies from Nymphaeaceae family.
Wild boars are omnivorous and easily adapt to changes.
House prices are more expensive than most parts of England.
"Vitamin D helps the body absorb calcium, which is important for bones to grow."
Patterns are special things that happen in the game.
Some people say it is a cult with bizarre features.
Critics point to irregularities in the use of money.
Chile declares independence.
Many songs become more popular as cover versions than in their original recordings.
Desks come in many different sizes.
Irregular vibrations are noise.
Rarefaction is the part of the waves where the molecules are far away from each other.
Sound waves are a lot of compressions and rarefactions.
Pitch is how humans hear different frequencies.
Lower keys have lower frequencies.
Older people have an even smaller hearing range.
Frequency seems to decrease when someone moves away from a sound source.
Sapphires have long history.
All people are capable of thinking for themselves.
Adults are typically dark brown and the immature ones are gray brown.
"Hawks live in both open and wooded areas, particularly wood edges."
Hawks start breeding when they are one year old.
"Active flight is with slow, steady, and deep wing beats."
Ice dancing is the only form of figure skating to allow vocal music in official competitions.
Some network computers use 'boot chips' that get the operating system over a network.
Portuguese explorers reach the mouth of the Senegal river and the Gambia river.
Magpies are large birds.
Magpies eat lots of different kinds of food.
Magpies are clever birds.
Normal hotels have a set number of rooms.
Admission is free.
Eagles have between one and three eggs per year.
Some ATMs allow people to do more than take money out.
Babylonian mythology sees the main reason for the creation of man to grow food for the gods.
"Famous musicians perform there, as well as young musicians who are just starting their career."
Modern decks are different in size.
Interstates have a special way to figure out their numbers.
Some cities have short freeways that get a three-digit number.
People call it fortification with riboflavin when they add riboflavin to food.
"All dukes come before all marquesses, then earls, then viscounts and finally barons."
Infertility is a deficient fertility.
Postmodernism rejects the idea of objective truth and universal social progress.
Some erasers produce a lot of dust while some produce dust that all stick together.
Some people like to watch other people play sports.
Fanconi anemia is also a risk factor for developing acute myelogenous leukemia.
Boots are higher and larger than shoes and sandals.
Rain boots protect a person's feet from water and rain.
Some work boots have a flat piece of steel in the sole to protect the foot from sharp nails.
Many countries require construction workers to wear work boots when they are on a construction site.
"Science makes use of mathematics, and it makes observations and experiments."
"Science produces accurate facts, scientific laws and theories."
Research uses the scientific method.
"Science makes models of nature, models of our universe, and medicine."
"Baronets rank higher than knights, but below barons."
English orthography is the opposite.
"Many countries have their own version of 'The Apprentice', each having a different person in charge."
Some people use it as an illegal drug.
"Ascension island has a tropical but oceanic climate, with little changes from one season to another."
Strong winds are common.
"Wind speed increases strongly with altitude, while temperature decreases."
Lapwings are shorebirds.
Some courthouses also have offices for the prosecutor and prosecutor's assistants.
Common sense is usually the simplest and most direct account of a situation.
Some species have edible fruit.
"Black mangroves have such roots, for example."
Some cables contain both electrical wires and optical fibers.
Wire ropes are a common type of cable.
"Air comes in the spiracles and goes to trachea, or tubes."
Some spiders also have spiracles.
Some asexual people masturbate or have sex.
Demisexual people are on the asexual spectrum.
Some asexual people identify as queer.
Parameters remain the same.
People also like the funny stories and swearing.
Manatees live on the coasts of the Atlantic Ocean and the rivers.
Manatees live in salt water and in fresh water.
Naturalists find new species and classify plants and animals.
Ice ages are when the world becomes much colder for a long time.
Sheepdog trials are still popular today.
Some shapes are special.
Many people think they are one of the most beautiful things in nature.
Nobody knows where they go.
"Sausages often have meat from the animal's head, lips, cheeks, and other parts."
Sausages are some of the oldest foods.
People have small private gardens in the backyard outside their house.
"Some gardens are businesses, which charge a fee to enter the garden."
Japanese gardens have their own unique designs and features.
Many people find gardens relaxing especially if the garden is full flowers with strong scents.
Sexual reproduction involves the production of ascospores.
Many species produce toxins which work against bacteria and other fungi.
Valence electrons are important in how a chemical element reacts with other elements.
Flamingos are pink or red.
Flamingos are very tall birds and they have long legs.
"Hippies have their own views on drug use, sexual liberation, and women's rights."
Some purposes use other words.
Some people see time as a fourth dimension.
"Deserts usually have low humidity, and tropical regions have high humidity."
"Meteorologists have special devices to measure the humidity, such as hygrometers."
Humidity affects the rate of evaporation.
"Photons are particles, much smaller than atoms."
Light is a form of energy that behaves like the waves in water or radio waves.
Physicists usually talk about the momentum in such discussions instead of talking about speed.
Electrons surround every atom's nucleus.
Chemical bonds link atoms to form molecules.
"Many foods contain small amounts of choline, even iceberg lettuce."
Tourism is very important in the province because of the beautiful beaches in the province.
Call is too late.
Every experiment has a null hypothesis.
Girls are better at playing the piano than boys.
"Some adaptations are extremely long-lasting, useful in many habitats."
Mimicry evolves because 'the better mimics survive better'.
Most musical instruments have resonators.
Most dictators are selfish and rule over the people just for power.
People make most our electric energy in generators.
Electricity works because electric charges push and pull on each other.
Similar charges repel each other.
Electric current is when electric charge flows.
Electric energy is the ability to do work by means of electric devices.
Power stations use heat to turn water into steam.
Electromagnetic induction causes electricity to flow through the wires.
"Females usually have their menopause in middle age, when they stop bleeding every month."
Poverty continues to be one of the biggest challenges for Latin American countries.
Chilean peso has two navboxes.
Cheetahs have very little variation.
Feather dusters use the principles of static electricity to take up small debris such as .
Many mercenaries are no better than ordinary criminals.
Most cultures think of people as becoming adults at various ages of the teenage years.
Formulas use letters instead of words.
Many different types exist.
Many people use it as  a vegetable.
Wild carrots grow naturally in Eurasia.
Players start with a small town.
Some machines have many parts that move.
Examples are bicycles and clocks.
Examples are computers and telephones.
Simple machines increase or change the direction of a force.
Society works best when there is plenty of social capital.
Social capital is a lot like real capital.
Harpists are very fond of playing glissandi.
Some jazz clarinettists manage to play a glissando on the clarinet.
Soft water appears better.
Some people think that the old man is a father figure.
"Some people think that the man's strange, vulture-like eye is a symbol of some unknown secret."
"Singers use vibrato, especially when singing dramatic solo music such as opera."
"Astronomers now think that when a galaxy has a quasar, the quasar changes the galaxy."
Most people there speak Turkish.
Some antibiotics work by keeping translation from happening.
Prokaryotic ribosomes are different from eukaryotic ribosomes.
Proteins make many of the structures and all the enzymes in a cell or organism.
"Gene regulation switches genes on and off, and so controls cell differentiation, and morphogenesis."
Angular frequency is the magnitude of the vector quantity 'angular velocity'.
Riding is a subdivision of a county.
Exercise increases the endorphin release too.
Soldier also uses shotguns and shovels to attack.
RED begins with all the points in their control.
RED wins if it prevents BLU from capturing all points before the timer expires.
Enkephalins are small proteins.
Life Is Good'.
Some dragons have caves.
Baroque art is usually very playful and has many ornaments.
Exhibitionism is more common in women than in men.
"Polders make new land for agriculture and make flood protection better, because the lake is smaller."
Delta Works for another major waterworks project in the Netherlands.
Machine code is binary digits.
Negotiations are also under way with other states.
Bells Are Ringing'.
Clickable avatars are the second easiest avatar to get.
People also add to it.
"Some people try to stop global warming, usually by burning less fossil fuel."
People make puns in order to make other people laugh.
Many jokes are actually puns.
Puns are easier to make in some languages than others.
Some breeds show a flavour intermediate between oregano and marjoram.
"Some vegetarians eat or drink animal products, like milk and eggs."
"More vegetarians live in the South of India than in the North, possibly because the North is colder."
Basil grows well in hot weather.
Jewish folklore suggests it adds strength while fasting.
Bus services run throughout the metropolitan area.
Alkanes are the simplest hydrocarbons.
Alkenes are similar to alkanes.
Alkynes have a carbon to carbon triple bond.
Tetrapods are animals that have four legs or leg-like appendages.
Wind power is a growing industry in the United States.
Machinists are metalsmiths who produce high-precision parts and tools.
People have to use their imagination to understand what it is trying to say.
Allegories still continue to be popular today.
Mammalian embryos have the same structures.
Synapsids are one of the two major groups of amniotes.
Pelycosaurs are a paraphyletic group of six primitive families of synapsids.
Software engineers use many tools and practices in making software.
Many large cities have many skyscrapers.
Integers consist of all of the numbers that have no decimal expansion.
Integers are a countable subset of the rational numbers and real numbers.
"Whole numbers are the natural numbers, but whole numbers always include zero."
M theory has many trillions of solutions.
Many tourists come to the area.
Possums spend the first four months of their lives in their mother's pouch.
"Penguins eat krill, fish, squid, and other small animals from the ocean, which they catch."
Long Island is a large island in the Atlantic Ocean.
Water is a molecule that consists of one oxygen atom and two hydrogen atoms.
Fuel cells make electricity by combining oxygen and hydrogen.
Fuel cells are very quiet.
Many events mix professional and amateur participants.
Many people go for a 'jog' in order to keep fit and healthy.
Some birders like to take photographs of birds.
Some birders help with bird ringing.
"Scientists work for governments, companies, schools and research institutes."
Some scientists teach at universities and other places and train people to become scientists.
Scientists are more likely to be atheists than the rest of the general population.
Parking correctly takes practice and some experience.
Some car parks are private car parks.
Parking is risky.
Parking garages are usually several levels high.
Many parking garages are open to the weather.
Some apartment buildings have their own parking garages.
Some buildings have underground parking garages.
Dolphins are common in the bay most of the year.
Basketball is now the second most popular sport in the world.
Agriculture continues to be the largest sector of Punjab's economy.
Weather extremes are notable from the hot and barren south to the cool hills of the north.
Coconut trees grow along the coast of Tahiti.
Death is when the spirit separates from the body.
Some concert halls are especially famous.
Peace talks begin.
Peace talks continue.
Dolphins are beautiful but fierce.
Ground fighting is an inherent part of mixed martial arts.
Municipal districts are part of municipalities but with their own governments.
Snoopy is a great cosplayer.
"Different creatures live inside the mud, including frogs, snails and worms."
Some women achieve orgasm from clitoral stimulation as part of cunnilingus.
Sponges have medicinal potential.
Large masses cool slowly to form a polygonal joint pattern.
Unweathered basalt is black or grey.
People use the word 'whale' in different ways.
Whales are the hippopotamus's closest living relatives.
Whales breathe through blowholes.
Baleen whales have two and toothed whales have one.
Gestation takes up to a year.
Reproductive maturity occurs at seven to ten years.
"Ink comes out of the tip of the marker and onto the writing surface, commonly a piece of paper."
Markers generally come in a variety of different colors.
"Many locations are within multiple post towns, constituencies, districts or regions."
"Shape is more important to temporary anchors, and design is very important."
Many modern designs are better than the older types.
Sky glow also prevents astronomers from seeing dim objects.
Glare causes sleep problems in humans.
Football is the sport with the biggest number of fans in the city.
"Some people also play handball, tennis, and other sports."
"Osmosis is a fundamental part of cell biochemistry, but also has mechanical applications and usages."
Data rates vary.
Males are larger than females.
Most large submarines are war vessels.
Some rich people buy their own to explore under the sea and look at fish.
Slate is a metamorphic mudstone or shale.
Shells usually have the shape of a cylinder but taper towards the front end to form a point.
Small islands are near the north coast of the prefecture.
Parents work on costumes and sets.
Local celebrities take small walk-on parts.
Drake is someone who always gets away from trouble.
"Drake first finds that out in the first episode of the TV show, and takes advantage of it."
Military rule ends in Argentina.
Birth defect is a physical or mental abnormality present at the time of birth.
Premature birth is the birth of an infant before the full term of pregnancy.
Birth certificate is a legal document describing details of a person's birth.
Vaccination builds on the natural immune system to make a person resist certain diseases.
Immunity is of two types.
Vertebrates also have adaptive immunity.
Immunology is a science that examines the structure and function of the immune system.
Recent research suggests that the evolutionary origin of venom lies deep in the squamate phylogeny.
Decimals are possible for fractions of day.
Decimals are possible for fractions of hour.
Decimals are possible for fractions of minute or second.
Most globes are maps of the Earth.
Political globes show countries.
Physical globes show landscape like mountains and rivers.
"Some plants make a lot of seeds, some make only a few."
"Seeds are often hard and very small, but some are larger."
Seeds carry the food that helps the new plant begin to grow.
Seeds are often inside fruits.
Most seeds germinate underground where there is no sunlight.
"Man consists of a body, a mind, and a spirit."
"Porcupines come in various shades of brown, grey, and the unusual white."
"Porcupines live in forests, deserts and grasslands."
"Some boats have many sails, and some have only one."
Females are usually bigger and heavier than males.
Capybaras live in grassy wetlands or close to rivers in many parts of South America.
"Capybaras eat plants, mostly grass."
Ketchup contains the highest concentrations of bioavailable lycopene.
Chemical engineering combines the jobs of a chemist and that of industrial engineer.
"Most species are native to Asia, but some also occur in Europe, Northern Africa, and North America."
Some species resist the cold rather well.
Chinese astronomers observe a supernova.
Alligators have shorter and wider snouts.
Crocodiles have a gland that removes much of the salt.
Alligators are also less aggressive than crocodilids.
Today there is no more mining but the remains are still present.
Some musicians are very good at improvisation.
Jazz musicians are usually excellent at improvising.
Famous people come to show up and support their films.
Some people see homosexuality and bisexuality as a choice that a person makes.
Many religions teach that homosexual sex is a sin.
Most western countries have laws that protect homosexuals from violence and discrimination.
Homosexual behaviour is widespread among animals.
Viruses follow a slightly different system.
Nothing is going be Nickel Creek except Nickel Creek.
Fighting continues to stall peace talks in the region.
Every question is a multiple choice question.
Every exam is a little different.
Many inventions are just a variation of something that already exists.
Coasts often have many living things living there and provide habitat for many animals and plants.
"Many water birds visit the lake to feed, including flamingos."
Birds have feathers on their skin.
"Some people have more hair, or hair that is easier to see, and some have less."
Rodents have skin under their fur.
Many people drink coffee or tea with their breakfast.
Dinners are different in different countries.
"Appetizers are a small serving of food such as olives, cheese, or bread."
Rain falls and puts out the fire.
People feel in a good mood.
Search engines are some of the most advanced websites on the web.
Search engines are very useful to find information about anything quickly and easily.
"Flowers light green or white, hermaphrodite, pentamer, radiate."
Butterfly watching is a popular hobby.
Butterflies have a very characteristic flying style.
Butterflies go through complete metamorphosis.
Silk starts out as a liquid in the salivary glands.
Caterpillars use silk to make nests or cocoons.
Most caterpillars feed on leaves of plants or trees.
Many pupae are easy for predators to attack.
Electric potential is like a push.
Water passes through it moving down and turns it.
Phylogenetic nomenclature is classification using cladistics to show evolutionary relationships.
Slice has six children.
Some countries still have laws against members practising that religion.
Eggs are a good source of protein and choline.
"Republicanism always stands in opposition to aristocracy, oligarchy, and dictatorship."
"Agriculture is a big part of the economy in Madagascar, including the growing of coffee and vanilla."
"Most stores also sell magazines, newspapers, DVDs, graphic novels, gifts, games, and music."
Phenylketonuria now causes few cases of mental retardation.
Cells divide and copy themselves to produce gametes.
Birth defects involving the brain are the most common problems.
"Examples are the branches of a tree, and the legs of a man."
Species consist are of the platypus and echidnas.
Spanish police prevent an attempt by Islamist terrorists to blow up a high speed train near Madrid.
Rainbows are also recognizable symbols of gay pride.
Many species have areas of colored skin on the face.
Pillows are usually rectangular.
Every square stands for a pixel.
Some printers use a special piece of software on the computer to do that job.
Most people have five fingers on each hand and five toes on each foot.
"Some rings send traffic in only one direction, other ring networks send traffic in both directions."
Large networks are an example of a tree topology.
"Buttresses are common in ancient buildings, especially in Europe."
Players push the ball using one bandaged hand.
"Radial velocity is how fast the target is coming towards, or going away from, the radar."
Some adults wear diapers for fun.
Climate regulates soil formation.
Igneous rocks have a volcanic origin.
Petrology is the scientific study of rocks.
Sedimentary rocks are the most common rocks on Earth.
Chemical reactions are most intense where the climate is wet and hot.
Rain is another force that works slowly.
Physicists discover the top quark subatomic particle.
"Some symptoms are hoarseness, loss of voice, pain in the throat or ears, and breathing difficulties."
Acute laryngitis is the sudden inflammation and swelling of the larynx.
"People feel it when they see, touch, hear, or taste something that they think is nasty or repulsive."
Calcium carbonate is usually the main cause of hard water.
"Moorlands differ from typical heathland in being colder and much wetter, often with extensive bogs."
Bureaucracy is a concept in sociology and political science.
Equatorial Guinea becomes independent from Spain.
Women compete in modern Olympics for the first time.
Jays are often blue and white.
Crows are some of the most intelligent birds in the world.
Most crows are resident birds.
Crows eat a variety of food.
Crows make their nests in tall trees.
"Sea lions live all around the world, except in the Atlantic Ocean."
"Sea lions are also fierce fighters, just like lions."
"Agriculture combines forests and mountain pasturage in summer, mostly beef but also sheep and goats."
Mountain ranges block in the rest of the canton on the other sides.
"Free software is very similar, but different from open source software."
"Most sloths are about the size of a small dog and they have short, flat heads."
"Porphyrins are organic ring compounds like haeme, the pigment in red blood cells."
"People use pectin to thicken things, like jelly and jam."
Cockatoos are recognisable by the showy crests and curved and strong bills.
"Cockatoos occupy a wide range of habitats, from forests in subalpine zones to mangroves."
Cockatoos are active mainly during the day and require daylight to find their food.
Speed is a measure of how fast something is moving.
Speed is a scalar.
Otters live on every continent except for Australia and Antarctica.
Otters are playful and energetic.
"All albatrosses are very good at flying, spending much of their life in the air."
Albatrosses are very large.
"All birds have a large gland at the top part of their bill, above their eyes."
Albatrosses take several years to get their full adult feathers.
"Albatrosses live together, and they usually nest on islands where no people live."
Albatrosses usually come back to their own group after leaving for a while to find a mate.
Albatrosses have a hard time laying their children.
Some agronomists believe that rock flour has a powerful effect in restoring trace minerals to soil.
Gaseous particles are 'bubbles'.
Many people go there in the summer to watch the horse races.
Yeast is an organism that ferments.
"Many people have problems with their sleep, appetite, alertness etc."
Asian elephants are different from African elephants.
"Asian Elephants eat grass, hay, twigs, bark and fruits."
People chew gum for personal enjoyment and also to help clean teeth.
Flowers have petals.
Flowers contain the reproductive organs of a plant.
Some flowers are dependent upon the wind to move pollen between flowers of the same species.
Most people think that flowers are beautiful.
People enjoy seeing flowers growing in gardens.
"People also enjoy growing flowers in their backyards, outside their homes."
Some parents name their girl children after a flower.
People also eat some types of flowers.
Lilies make people think of life.
"Red roses make people think of love, beauty, and passion."
Daisies make people think of children and innocence.
"Similes use comparisons, with the words 'like' or 'as'."
"Metaphors use indirect comparisons, without the words 'like' or 'as'."
Length is also a property of time.
Boolean algebra is about things being true and false.
Football is the most popular sport in Zimbabwe.
Tourism is the main industry.
Square numbers are non-negative.
Delta wings are triangles.
"Many gas stations have a convenience store close to the pumps, to make extra earnings."
"Males live mostly on the forest floor, while females and young climb up into trees and bushes."
Mandrills are predominantly terrestrial.
"Most states also have armed forces, civil service, law and police."
"Some fronts produce no precipitation and little cloudiness, although there is usually a wind shift."
Some streams flow underground through unconsolidated sediments or through caves.
Most countries have statutes and laws that regulate the registration of births.
Some people also have small beekeeping operations that they do as a hobby.
Many old people choke to death while eating mochi every year.
Many islands are at the coast.
"American badgers live in dry, open grasslands, fields, and pastures."
Badgers are carnivorous.
Similar interactions cause the northern lights on Earth.
Bruises change color over time.
Some department stores sell products cheaper than other stores.
Ivory is very rare and expensive.
Many different opinions exist as to what happens to personal experience after death.
Women wrap it around their body.
Expressionist artists try to express a feeling with what they create.
Some customs officers work at a post office.
All atoms are very small.
Talent means the ability to learn a particular skill very quickly.
Hand soaps are only acidic enough to remove unwanted skin oils.
Wood is a natural composite of cellulose fibres in a matrix of lignin.
Plant fibres are the basis of fabric such as cotton.
Players make their own theme park.
Players move around in a battle arena.
Players shoot targets that pop out of certain areas.
"Players bounce on a trampoline, doing crazy tricks in the air."
Players control a flying saucer and try to bump the other players off the edge of the ring.
Players control a flying car and try to get the soccer ball and shoot it into the goal.
Players play as a cat-like hero and shoot blobs.
Some occultations are eclipses.
Some people mistakenly think that the city is on Vancouver Island.
Diminutives are common in most dialects of English.
All bamboos have wood-like stems.
Large organisations use terabytes of storage to hold massive amounts of data.
Hearing is the sense of sound that comes into our ears.
Sight is the sense of seeing things with our eyes.
Designers use tools from geometry and art.
All units have different statistics which the players use to their advantage when playing.
Chapters get and train their own recruits separately.
All species have separate male and female flowers on the same plant.
"Some stations are in two zones, and the cheapest fare applies."
Antagonists normally have reasoning for committing acts of evil.
Circles illustrate an object's size in comparison to the others.
War breaks out soon after.
Different countries have different laws about nationalization.
Circles illustrate an object's size in comparison to the others.
Circles illustrate an object's size in comparison to the others.
Circles illustrate an object's size in comparison to the others.
Most movies describe the same things in one way during the entire movie.
"Longer words are, 'on average', harder than short words'."
Methods using both indices are more reliable than methods using only one index.
Convergence occurs along the leading edge of the downdraft.
Existentialism is very different from many other 'philosophies'.
Some stories are about family members.
Most stories have one central character.
Many cameras use smaller sensors.
Puck is the biggest of the small closer moons to Uranus.
Male moose have large antlers.
Females begin to have babies when they are between two and three years old.
Input is anything that goes in and output is any thing that goes out.
Peripheral equipment is necessary for people to interact with a computer system.
Many people go there on pilgrimage.
Movie producers are people who control the non-artistic side of movie making.
Many people think tests are valuable.
Crash tests cost a lot of money.
"Some lollipops contain fillings, such as bubble gum or soft candy."
Barker is a married man.
Some people are more badly affected.
Autism runs in families.
Many cities have companies that provide tours.
Cricket is also popular.
Psyche appears to have a fairly round surface and is approximately ellipsoidal in shape.
"Lightcurve changes indicate a non-spherical body, consistent with the lightcurve and radar results."
Many people speak two languages.
Many tourists come to Belize each year.
Fishing is also popular in areas of Belize.
Steel is harder and stronger than iron.
"Steel is different from wrought iron, that has little or no carbon."
Steel has a long history.
Steel is a metal alloy which includes iron and often some carbon.
"Some atoms hold together quite well, which is what makes some solid materials hard."
People see the painting as a symbol of the horror of war.
"Many treaties make a country do something, or change the law of the countries which agree to it."
"Toads look like frogs, and they belong to the same animal group."
Mountains is a sub-category of that.
"Fire destroys most of Padua, Italy."
Smallpox arrives in Europe for the first time.
Irish missionaries pray in Scotland and Germany.
Flock is also the name of the company making the browser.
Japan formally surrenders to China.
Most cars use a chemical engine that burns fuel inside it.
Summers are cool and moist.
Rye is more plentiful because conditions are too harsh for growing wheat.
Light is the most effective signal.
Exercise is a signal for some animals.
Sours are hard candies that are round.
Various religions divide the commandments differently.
"Many people criticize people in authority, and some even criticize the existence of authority."
Anarchism is a philosophy that opposes all forms of authority.
Branches grow from the trunk.
Plants also do some respiration using oxygen the way animals do.
Tree roots anchor the structure and provide water and nutrients.
"Trees show many growth forms, leaf type and shape, bark traits and organs."
Trees are similar to people.
Chinese people wear new clothes when they go on visits.
"Light enters through the pupil and goes through the lens, which focuses the image on the retina."
"Cambodian food is similar to Chinese, Vietnamese and Thai food."
Many tourists visit the temple.
Some interesting buildings are in the old part of town.
Some people write stories or make movies about beings from other planets.
Organic molecules are the necessary building blocks for the evolution of life.
Colonial means having to do with a colony.
Colonial land is land that belongs to the colony.
Bands normally perform songs from their latest album as a  part of a concert.
"Some studios are independent, but many are part of a larger business, like a record label."
"Some studios charge an hourly rate, while others charge by the project."
References seem fine.
Schools hold spelling bee competitions to encourage children to learn to read.
Birth control lets a man and woman have sexual intercourse but makes pregnancy less likely.
More detailed values are available from the ref.
Christians usually call their religious buildings churches.
Pansexual people are part of the LGBT community.
Some adverse effects happen only at the beginning or a change of a treatment.
Different people have different reasons for being antisexual.
Determinism is the concept that events in the past fully determine events in the future.
Most biologists believe that evolution is true and that arguments against evolution are weak.
Tourists visiting pay a fee to see the cathedral when there is no service.
Healthy oils are always liquid at the temperature of blood.
Irrigation causes a subsequent rise in watertables.
Many people call it the car capital of the world.
Electric eels are fish capabale of generating an electrical field.
Most electrogenic fish are also electroreceptive.
Most bony fish are neither electrogenic nor electroreceptive.
Caucuses are slightly different in different countries.
"Hydroelectricity is very powerful, safe and produces no waste."
"Summers are moderately warm, winters are cool to cold."
"Rain falls throughout the year, and more on the west than the east."
Many people argue about what makes up the mind.
Dualism is when people believe that that mind and body are in some way separate from each other.
"Some people actively search for a mate, others simply wait until the right person comes along."
Several countries use the death penalty to punish people for drug trafficking.
Gravity is the dominant interaction at cosmological distances.
Special relativity holds in all the universe in local space and time.
Some people think that there is more than one Universe.
Television also uses radio signals to send pictures and sound.
Radio telescopes receive radio waves from the sky to study astronomical objects.
Some vandalism is to let people see their talent of art.
Many books give advice on how to win the game.
People play monopoly for different reasons.
Monopoly teaches children a variety of lessons while having fun.
Many straits are economically important.
Socks come in an array of different colors.
People often refer to sleeves that cover phones as 'socks'.
"Every fingerprint is special, and different from any other in the world."
Tourists often go to the Old Town Square in the centre of Prague.
"Plotters are large format inkjet printers, or printers that use special pens."
Laser printers transfer tiny particles of toner onto the paper.
Most cities are on the banks of the river.
"Hair straighteners work by breaking the hair's hydrogen bonds, which are what make the hair curly."
Many people like to go on holiday on the island.
Tourism is the most important industry on the island.
"British forces occupy Philadelphia, Pennsylvania during the American Revolutionary War."
Most display screens have hundreds of thousands of pixels.
"Most photography is digital, though some photographers still use the old film cameras."
Computer viruses reproduce using the hardware and software already present on computers.
Memes reproduce using the human mind and culture as their reproductive machinery.
Palladium get ideas from a wide range of music.
"Legumes grow from the carpel, the female reproductive part of a plant."
"Legumes contain many healthy nutrients, such as protein."
Many tourists visit it.
"People use costumes and masks, and still play with black cosmetics and white powder."
Most stubs are only one paragraph or sometimes they are only a few lines.
Lipids are long chains of carbon and hydrogen molecules.
Support means 'for banning'.
Japanese soldiers invade government offices in Tokyo.
LanChile airline begins operations.
Personal attacks help no one.
Personal attacks damage the community and scare away users.
Musicologists study all kinds of music.
New Jersey becomes the third state to ratify the United States Constitution.
Surface gravity depends on the distance from a spot on the surface to the center of a body's mass.
Rye is a now a crop.
Some peas have green seeds and others have yellow seeds.
Evolution mainly works by natural selection.
Parents pass such traits to the children through their genes.
Adaptation is one of the basic phenomena of biology.
Evolutionary adaptation is a phenomenon of pervasive importance in biology.
Adaptations are never perfect.
Cheetahs have very little variation.
Evolution does seem to explain some things about about our human nature.
People also talk about the social implications of evolution.
Evolutionary biology is a more recent idea.
Evolution makes no judgements about better or worse.
Some people disagree with the idea of evolution.
Polonium is radioactive.
All crew members die on the expedition.
Children often like to play on seesaws.
Some children like to slide down on their backs or on their stomachs.
Neuroleptics make the patient calm.
Animals dig burrows to live in.
Many animals dig burrows.
Kangaroo mice make burrows in sand.
Termites make burrows in wood.
Some burrows are simple tubes a few centimeters long.
"Soma is like the Greek drink, ambrosia."
Light appears to slow down when it passes close to a massive object.
Narrow ringlets existing in the broad Saturnian rings also resemble the narrow rings of Uranus.
Federal law sets out the structure of the judiciary.
"Specialized courts deal with administrative, labour, social, fiscal, and patent law."
Labour courts hear disputes over collective bargaining agreements and working conditions.
"Western societies are more likely to be against, or even fear the development of robots."
Chinese culture dates back thousands of years.
Article is easier to understand.
Most people there are European.
Ghouls live in burial grounds and other uninhabited places.
Every sentence has a verb.
"Some verbs are in both groups, but there are very few auxiliary verbs in English."
Many people think that all different ways of using verbs are all different tenses.
"Some languages have all three tenses, some have only two, and some have no tenses at all."
Opera singers have to have powerful voices as well as a good technique.
Light purple is a good choice for a feminine design.
Urban districts are large towns or cities which handle their own local government.
Rural districts provide services for the smaller towns and villages in an area.
Temperatures are less extreme and ther is more rainfall.
Some locations belong to a collective municipality of some sort.
Volcanology is a sub-field of geology.
Air creates atmosphere pressure.
Industrialization changes the society as it happens.
Industrialization is part of a process where people adopt easier and cheaper ways to make things.
"Usage is similar to , but with an additional distinction."
"Tickle spots are feet, armpits and sides of stomach."
Research shows that the brain notices and senses our movements and actions.
Implementation is usually a hardware engineering design process.
Closed source is the opposite of open source.
Flash memory is a type of computer chip.
Flash drives are very cheap to produce.
Flash drives are cheaper than many other backup systems.
Flash drives are quite .
Flash drives are available in large sizes.
Ostriches have the biggest eyes of all land animals.
"Ostriches have long legs and a long neck, but they have a small head."
Male ostriches have black feathers and female ostriches have gray and brown feathers.
"Ostriches mainly eat plant matter, but they also eats insects."
Ostriches normally spend the winter months in pairs or alone.
"Cartilage is tough, rubbery material which is less rigid than bone."
Sharks have keen olfactory sense organs in the short duct between the front and back nasal openings.
"Some sharks are oviparous, laying their eggs in the water."
"Sharks are a common seafood in many places, including Japan and Australia."
Vultures use their large wings to soar in the air for many miles without having to flap.
Vultures symbolize death in literature.
Many modern scholars think that El Greco belongs to no conventional school.
Eagles are birds.
Females have lighter gray-brown heads than males.
Males are usually darker.
Fledged juveniles are only able to fly short distances.
Catholics think Aquinas is the best teacher for one who wants to become a priest.
Sites are good for looking up information on the computer.
Drugs act differently in different amounts.
Some drugs are illegal because they are very addictive.
Alcohol can also be dangerous if the person drinking it drives a vehicle after drinking.
"Some examples are raspberry, blueberry and lingonberry."
"Berries are small, sweet, liquid, bright colored fruits."
Warning lights help stop accidents.
Blizzards start when a high pressure system touches as low pressure system.
Fishing is an important activity along the coast.
"Some words have different spelling for example 'color' and 'colour', which are both correct."
Love is a feminist.
Support is to support for rollback while oppose is to oppose for rollback status.
Commons has the tool too.
Rivers are short and they flow into the Caribbean Sea.
Fishing is an important activity along the coast.
Women are like wet bars of soap.
Every web page has a web address.
Most cockroaches are omnivores.
Experts say that women get the vaccine and normal pap smears.
Cassie is a very complicated character.
Page names use the full title of the page.
People use it for Chinese lessons.
"Baltic countries are Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania."
Anarchy means a system where there is no government or control.
Straight tea is popular than tea with milk or sugar in China.
People sometimes visit friends and family in another city or country.
Monitors often look similar to televisions.
Monitors often have higher display resolution than televisions.
"Recent evidence suggests that the objects are icy comets, rather than rocky asteroids."
Today is the last day to discuss the new criteria for VGAs.
Geneva is a city in Switzerland.
Astrophysicists use physics to explain what astronomers find and see.
Observational astrophysics is like astronomy.
Cosmology is a type of theoretical astrophysics.
Accusative case means that the noun is the object of the sentence.
People visit the shrines to pray for themselves and also for the dead.
Shrines are common in Muslim countries.
"Smaller numbers live in Algeria, Tunisia, Libya and Zanzibar."
Brazil becomes independent from Portugal.
Women have no voting rights in Vatican City.
"Pickup trucks have different shapes, sizes, and uses."
Pickup trucks are easy to load and easy to unload.
Wombats are herbivores.
Some wombats have thick brown fur and very small ears.
Many people also complain about security problems.
"Most people think of it as sweet bread, and it sometimes has cinnamon in it."
Cuban troops begin withdrawing from Angola.
Singles chart peaking in various countries.
Wild turkeys live in forests in North America and Central America.
Site also includes wide selection of works by other authors.
"Some people try out waterboarding at a demonstration against it, in Iceland."
"Students do many different sports, exercises and activities using the body."
Many people migrate to Istanbul every year.
Many people use the words acid rock to talk about psychedelic rock.
Arthritis is more common in older people.
Mental calculation uses only the human brain.
Wine is a popular drink in many countries.
Radio also brings music and news.
Books supply older and more detailed material.
Libraries are also important.
Racehorses are most often thoroughbreds.
"Many water birds visit the lake to feed, including flamingos."
Doctors use casts of fiberglass currently.
"Most colour blindness is heritable, usually as simple Mendelian inheritance."
"Most color blindness is permanent, but some conditions can also lead to temporary color blindness."
"Rod cells receive the images that the eye sees when the light is dim, at night, or in a dark room."
Color blindness is very sensitive to changes in material.
People still upload images here anyway.
"Pure water has no smell, taste, or color."
Rain is water that falls from clouds in the sky.
Water is very important for life.
Water is a fluid.
Water is the only substance on earth that exists naturally in three states.
Water helps blood carry nutrients from the stomach to all parts of the body to keep the body alive.
Water also helps the blood carry oxygen from the lungs to the body.
Water helps make urine.
"Water is the main component of drinks like milk, juice, and wine."
"Some men have a lot of hair and a big beard, and some have very little."
"People often talk about needing a thing, when they really just want it."
"Sumo tournaments take place in Tokyo, Osaka, Nagoya and Fukuoka."
Toad looks like a small man with a mushroom-like hat.
Carbon dioxide has carbon in it.
Some people say peace is the absence of war.
Corsican gastronomy is rich and varied.
Error rates are a thousandfold higher in many viruses.
Identical twins are natural clones.
Proteins make many of the structures and all the enzymes in a cell or organism.
"Gene regulation switches genes on and off, and so controls cell differentiation, and morphogenesis."
"Much modern research uses a mixture of genetics, cell biology and molecular biology."
"Prices go up when supply is less, and demand is more."
"Many people consider it to be the best encyclopedia, because it is accurate and has lots of detail."
Many stadiums use a central tank for beer.
Avocado trees come from Central America and Mexico.
Avocado is poisonous to some animals.
Some people form bands which write and record songs to make money from it.
Fire is very hot.
"Fires are usually combustion reactions that take carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen."
"Simplified Characters are on the left, and Traditional characters are on the right."
Some doctors specialise in a certain kind of medicine.
Minor characters die more often.
Porphyria is a genetic condition that leads to differences when the body makes blood.
Most people go to high school right after middle school.
Public schools have a fine record of getting children into elite universities.
Hydrocarbons are molecules containing only the elements carbon and hydrogen in the form of chains.
Spectroscopy is the study of the interactions between light energy and matter.
Some people are very sensitive to glutens in their food.
Gardenias have a reputation for being difficult to grow.
Some isotopes are radioactive.
Zinc chloride is one of the most common zinc compounds.
Nickel silver is another zinc alloy.
Zinc deficiency makes one more easily get infections.
Wheat has much zinc in it.
Power is enough.
"Zebras are horses, and live in Africa."
All zebras have very short fur because they live in hot areas.
Zebras live in families with one male and lots of females.
"Zebras mainly eat grass, but they also eat fruit, leaves and some vegetables."
"Zebras live naturally in Africa, south of the Sahara desert."
People can still see the old villages because the houses look different.
Marine biologists are the people who study it.
Attraction is more for one person specially.
Attachment occurs in the longer term.
Love has consequences for health and well-being.
"Wrestlers use throws, takedowns, and trips to get their opponents down to the ground."
Same thing happens on the p-side.
Some people have moral or religious views which are against the making and use of pornography.
Some people believe that anything that shows a naked body is a type of pornography.
Many countries have laws against child pornography.
"Many societies have rules or laws about nudity, and where they allow it."
Naturists reject current standards of modesty.
"Some doctors recommend sleeping in comfortable clothes, or sleeping naked."
Different people have different opinions on the subject.
Idolatry refers to the worship of idols.
Christians disagree about what idolatry is.
Central Park has about thirty-five million visitors every year.
Climate is mild.
Landscape paintings have a horizon line.
Scientists call sugars carbohydrates.
Guinea declares itself independent from France.
Boundary wardens are officials who keep people from getting too close to the boundary.
Dietary fiber helps to absorb water or remove waste from the body.
"Dietary fiber includes substances like cellulose, wax and lignin, among others."
Sunglasses are a kind of eyeglasses that keep too much sunlight from getting in people's eyes.
Eyeglasses have many models.
People earn social status by their own work.
Parodies make fun of another piece of art by mocking it.
Clouds are usually white.
Most people have two legs.
Most dogs have four legs.
Water always comes from the sky.
All people read books.
"Dentists find out what's wrong, fix, and help prevent problems with teeth."
Dental hygienists help people keep their teeth clean.
Rope is a piece of equipment that rhythmic gymnasts use.
"Gymnasts toss it and catch it, spin it, swing it, and roll it."
"Gymnasts use the clubs to do circles, throws, swings, plus tapping."
Emission nebulae make their own light.
Emission nebulae are usually red because they usually produce red light.
Reflection nebulae reflect light from nearby stars.
Owls are specialists at night-time hunting.
"Owls have large eyes and holes for ears, a hawk-like beak, and a rather flat face."
Owls use small feathers on the beak and the feet that help it feel the prey it catches.
Owls also have wide parts in their carotid arteries just under the base of the skull.
"Men present their mothers, wives, girlfriends, colleagues, etc. with flowers and small gifts."
Umpires officiate the game.
"Mt. Etna erupts in Sicily, Italy."
"Soviet forces kill civilians in Baku, Azerbaijan."
Loggerheads live in the seas around the world.
"Some Loggerheads also live near other countries like Chile, Greece, and Indonesia."
"Loggerheads eat fish, squid, jellyfish, crabs, and other small sea animals."
British colonists reach New Zealand.
Cattle is also important in the region because grasses are abundant.
Wake County has seven colleges and universities.
Many violinists prefer just to put a piece of cloth or some other form of padding on their shoulder.
Singers are a special case.
Many topics have types of categories which usually apply to every article in the topic.
Puck is a moon of Uranus.
Langur spend most of their time in trees.
Most Bengal tigers have orange fur.
Tigers vary in size depending on their subspecies.
Siberian tigers are the largest.
Females are a bit smaller.
"Tigers eat many different types of prey, mostly other large mammals."
Tigers kill their prey by clamping down on the prey's throat and suffocating it.
Jaguars have yellow or yellow-orange fur with brown and black rosettes and spots.
Jaguars live in South and Central America.
Black clothing is common in emo and goth subculture.
"Cheetahs are active during the day, and hunt in the early morning or late evening."
Most paintings are in caves that are difficult to access.
Most organic matter contains carbon.
Most members live in the old East Germany.
Sand often has a lot of small quartz bits.
American troops defeat British troops at the Battle of Saratoga.
Geneva also has a wide choice of reputed private schools.
Gibbons stay busy for most of the day.
American forces recapture the Bataan Peninsula.
Humans tend to use the decimal system.
Riots start shortly after.
Astronomers discover rings around Uranus.
New Jersey becomes a colony of Britain.
"Islamist terrorists blow themselves up in Madrid, after a shootout with police."
Syrian troops complete their withdrawal from Lebanon.
Some news groups claim to be independent bodies.
American marines invade the Dominican Republic.
Elapids use their venom both to immobilize their prey and in self-defense.
All elapids are venomous and many are potentially deadly.
"All snakes are good swimmers, but only real sea snakes live their whole lives in the ocean."
Most sea snakes are able to breathe through their skin.
"Most sea snakes prey on fish, especially eels."
Many Internet forums have rules against things such as spamming and trolling.
Allied forces perform an amphibious invasion of Sicily.
Vandals enter Rome and plunder the city for two weeks.
Israeli forces enter Jerusalem in the Six-Day War.
Many newcomers have a lot of experience from somewhere else.
Soviet troops crush the Hungarian Revolution.
Greek voters reject a proposal to restore the Greek monarchy.
Lanthanoids are metals.
"Japanese troops take control of Shanghai, China."
Transgender people have problems with laws and regulations about sex.
"Oasis release their first album, Definitely Maybe."
"Russian soldiers surround Grozny, Chechnya."
Women enlist in the United States Marine Corps for the first time.
"Peace negotiations begin in Portsmouth, New Hampshire."
British police prevent an attempt by Islamist terrorists to blow up Transatlantic airliners.
Mosaics often last for a very long time.
"Pinnipeds have flippers for hands, big bulky bodies, doggish faces, and big eyes."
Pinnipeds are carnivorous.
Infection is when another organism gets into a person's body and causes harm.
Prions are a form of virus that are basically abnormal clumps of proteins.
Some infectious diseases have no treatments that work well.
Immunizations try to make a person have an immune reaction to an infectious agent.
